
Bright round object hovering in sky.
"Multiple craft ascending from north of Shelbyville road, very bright and 
very quiet in comparison to passenger planes seen in the sky a"
Bright orange planet-like object sighted near Cassiopia
Twelve orange globes in formation over Fresno
"While camping in the Cottonwood canyon Rd., along the gas line rd., I awoke 
to my dog growling and staring north. I looked to see what"
"Stargazing I saw a star just appear then moves slowly then gradually fade 
out"
"Undulating swarm cloud of thousands of multi-colored blinking lights in the 
sky for 10-15 minutes. ((NUFORC Note: LED balloons. PD))"
"Bright light in the night sky. Disappears within about every 30 min returns 
in intervals. ((NUFORC Note: Venus?? PD))"
"Entire family sees very large, stationary, bright light in the night sky 
which simply disappears all at once."
((NUFORC Note: No information provided by witness. PD))
"4 red silent crafts flying from North to South with no flashing airplane 
lights. ((anonymous report))"
"I was heading N on Barrett Stat. Rd, saw glimmering in the sky N of 
Manchester slowly drifting. many different colours."
Triangular shaped object changing speed. ((anonymous report))
"3 triangular shaped craft - flying in V-formation from West to East, just 
North of Dallas Texas, and the night sky was very clear"
"Bright Red Light Seen by Roommate and Myself in Northren sky moving West to 
East."
"I saw my dog looking up at the sky. Looked up as well to see 15-18 gold 
lights in a loose flock-like formation. ((anonymous report))"
"I observed what appeared to be 7-10 red lights in the shape of an egg 
moving West to East over Honolulu and Waikiki. It paused twice an"
V-shaped lights heading SW at high rate of speed. No sound.
"Large fleet of lights flying together in unity across the sky over Bend 
Oregon"
Too yellow to be airplanes. And traveling in a line formation
"I thought they were plane lights at first but in a umbrella formation they 
never moved. Just a yellowish white lights."
"Object changing colors and slowly going up into the sky. Bright and almost 
not moving at all. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
"Fireball 4 seconds in duration coming from the ocean in Kahana Maui going 
west to east. ((anonymous report))"
"Was standing on top of Sunset Cliffs overlooking the Pacific ocean. I 
noticed a dim red light around near where the horizon should hav"
Single greenish-blue sphere seen on the Island of Oahu, Hawaii.
"Unidentified aerial object somewhat bright in the sky. ((NUFORC Note: We 
suspect a sighting of Venus. PD))"
"Approx. 15 red ball shaped lights traveling in a line going across the sky. 
They appeared to coming from the S. ((anonymous report))"
Large craft chases smaller craft
The mysterious sound and wake of an explosion in Rio Rancho.
V-shaped lights hovered still, disappeared, then took off.
"A giant ball of light falling in the Northern sky down to the Earth. 
((anonymous report))"
A light and a cloud moving at a high rate of speed.
"Falling fire looking object with a whiteshape on top of fire then went up 
fast"
Bright, dense blue and white lights making 180 degree turns and hovering.
Object streaking across sky.
"UFO hovered and maneuvered over the highway ahead of us. my car shut off 
and electrical, too."
Small, low flying, fast aircraft with bright lights. ((anonymous report))
Ultra-Bright White Blimp like Object. ((anonymous report))
"I was driving down Hwy 192 just outside Winchester, ks about 7:30 pm. I saw 
a massive V shaped craft go overhead. Had three lights of"
Bright lights.
"I seen a very brite streak through the air I have seen meteorites this was 
no meteor. ((anonymous report))"
"Trail and horizontal lighted craft. ((anonymous report)) ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible sighting of a contrail?? PD))"
"2nd time this week, same spot see time same circle yellowish super bright 
then dims out and gets bright. ((NUFORC Note: Venus. PD))"
"Dropping off my son at school and we saw a black line going north to south 
across the moon"
"It looked like a plane moving slowly in the sky, until the light began the 
get smaller and smaller then it was completely gone!"
"Walking tonight and wife asked what was falling from the sky. By the time I 
looked I saw an orange light moving across the sky, just b"
Odd Lights over Bon Air, VA.
"Two triangle-shaped aircraft with unusual lights seen flying very low to 
the ground."
Was not a jet.
Angel, protector.
"6am I was taking pictures of the moon. No stars out and a little cloudy. I 
didn't seen anything unusual at all. I looked at photo and i"
"Three blinking lights (in order) hovering w/ a metal pinging sounds in the 
dark morning sky for 8-10 minutes before disappearing."
Loud chopper-like sound over Monroe twp, NJ.
"Large glowing disk in the sky moving slowly westward then suddenly 
disappeared. ((anonymous report))"
"Standing on my back porch to smoke a cig look up above to see a slow silent 
triangle and immidietly rushed friend to see it go by."
Bright white light moving over Chicago.
Bright floating white light.
Rapidly moving green light flying south to north at very rapid pace.
"((HOAX??)) WATCHING THE METEOER SHOWER WHEN WE SAW 3 TRIANGLE SHAPED 
OBJECTS THAT WERE IN A TRIANGLE FORMATION FLY BY FAST."
Bright, beaming ball. ((anonymous report))
"I saw orange lights that split into multiple lights while moving in an odd 
patterns unlike conventional a/c."
"Stopped at the light at the intersection of Highway 20 facing north from 
Cedar Cross Road. An extraordinary fast moving bright white"
"We were walking across parking lot to restaurant and paused to take pics of 
full moon...1st pic a selfie, no craft....10ft further stop"
"Large ball of light falling to earth at a incrediable speed. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible meteor?? PD))"
"Observed a pair of red light N of Pasadena no sound it was flying W then 
came to a stop went in the opposite dir. ((anonymous report))"
Green fire aux.
"Looking in the east night sky, two airplanes where flying in an echelon 
formation, approximately 10,000 feet. Appearing between the two"
Large light, equivalent to car lights 1 mile away, in sky, stationary.
"Shifting orb witnessed at Stevens Pass, WA. ((NUFORC Note: Report from 
commercial pilot. PD))"
"The light remained in same location for at least two hours. ((NUFORC Note: 
Probably a star or planet, we suspect. PD))"
"There were 2 red light sphere shaped craft over the West 
Collingswood/Oakllyn area."
Bright pulsating light that was met up or buzzed by secondary craft.
Bright spark slowly cruising around the moon
Bright little point of light turns massive and disappears.
Stationary bright light drops to the ground. ((anonymous report))
"Blue/white light flying at an insane rate of speed. Probably ~15,000' high. 
It flew W, and turned in an abrupt, yet smooth curve."
Strange diagonal string like lights.
"Line of 3-4 red lights that hovered, then moved up and down twice before 
going black."
Bright orange/reddish circular light over Helena, Montana.
"Light over sky in Louisiana and blinked red 3 times on top when a plane 
flew near"
Saw UFO, over DE river.....4 flashing lights.
"Bright white light shines above mountain tops in Sounthern California 
mountains by Ontario/San Bernadino"
Orbs buzzing, flash around over mountains
"I came outside on my front porch to get some fresh air and I look at the 
hills which I usually do cause there beautiful and I seen thre"
"Bright lights in different colors, moving in S shape, bright lights that 
disappear."
"Bright light over Farragut. ((NUFORC Note: We susect a sighting of Venus. 
PD))"
"12/10/2016, Delta, CO, 7 orange/pink fireballs 6 to 7 minutes, seen by 2 
people"
Virginia Beach UFO.
"Gigantict Disc with rotating side lights headed northeast over Kayenta into 
Monument Valley, UT."
"White/blue bright object travelling west @ 6:30 pm over Pacific Ocean in 
Lahaina, HI"
Single row of white lights.
Have never seen so many at one time flying together.
"Oval object making no noise moving N. to S. looked transparent except for 
the edge reflecting sunshine."
"Caught a glimpse of what seemed to be a glare, but then slowly faded into 
what looked like a cone shaped craft that gradually increased"
"White round object comes under front door and flies thru living room (on 
video)."
"We were looking towards east and seen in the sky a object that was spinning 
or lights were spinning. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
Pulsing green light over Portland.
Blue orb appears on the photos of the moon. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flare. PD))
"Aircraft w/3 large bright white lights. Lights were shaped like > . It was 
too high to be a commercial airline but as big. Became as"
"Observed what appeared to be a hovering craft when i went outside to smoke. 
Intially the lights were bright read and what appeared to b"
"I saw a diamond shaped object with two bright lights that hovered in the 
air, with no sound, even during movement."
"On 495 N, caught sight of two unusually bright lights as I was sitting in 
the front passenger seat on the ride home. Kept my eyes fixa"
"Sighted a disk/saucer shaped craft with rotating lights at 4:30 heading to 
Newport."
"Oval/ 1st was oval yellowsish red white glowing and gone. 2nd obj was white 
light like extremely brighter than a star."
Near perfect triangle 3 solid huge lights.
Multiple colerd light on more than one occasion. ((anonymous report))
2 Crafts. ((anonymous report))
"Seeing orange orbs on the ground and in the air as the airplane was taking 
off unbelievable!"
"I was in my car driving South on San Marco Blvd in St. Augustine, Fl, 
Wednesday evening around 7. I noticed a foreign light in the sky"
Three stationary light pulses over the Chugach range.
Large bright fireball.
Meteor like white decending east to west.
"Moving light sphere. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect a sighting of a star or 
planet. PD))"
"Pyramid or triangle or similar shape.. maybe rotating silent floating over 
us 95 and Decatur, going south.. south east."
"While standing outside smoking,my neighbors came to me and pointed out this 
object that was bright like an airplane's headlights, but i"
"Noticed large bright light traveling E towards the Atlantic. No flashing 
lights could be seen. Obj. slowed down dramatically ."
"I was outside on back porch and saw a bright red orange color looked like a 
fire ball or exploded something in the air it was eastward."
"Unique Craft Spotted above trees, still motion, strange shape, just 
observing."
"I work for a major national ((deleted--corp.) and my family (wife/age 
deleted) daughter) and I were driving N of Austin, NV."
"Dark yellow pulsating lights in the western sky and bright yellow light 
show to the north."
Orange orbs.
"It was a bright red sphere that lit up the woods as it passed slowly 
overhead, traveling east until it went up over the ridge by Nesham"
I believe that an unknown creature teleported into my backyard
House Shaking Aerial Down Burst.
There is never a static light in this area of the sky.
Bright light traveling horizontally low across the sky south to north
Multi Color changing UFO.
2 blue lights balls moving close.
Low flying UFO, "S" shape flight path, then flew into the ocean.
"Vertical red dots of lights on horizon that looked like radio towers--3 or 
4 of them--had been erected overnight."
Triangle over Ringwood and Haskell.
"As I was hiking through a field from a day of hunting, I stop to rested and 
gazed upwards into the sky at the crescent moon and planets"
"Silent white light/sphere in sky, light fades,it disappears, comes back 
then disappears again"
Light seen changing shape and color moving rapidly over PA.
Very loud bang and bed shaking.
"Very bright object moving slowly with flashing red, blue, green, and yellow 
lights. ((NUFORC Note: Star "Sirius?" PD))"
"Large bright orange fireball light silently Streaks over the Cascade 
mountains of central Oregon Definitely NOT a Meteor ... Too fast"
"This was a triangular craft. 3 or 4 lights on the back which were bright 
and 4 or 5 going towards the tip at different intensities. Pit"
Fast-moving craft with gray lights over suburban Huntington Beach.
"Wife and I have seen roughly diamond shaped objects with multiple lights 
seemingly white,yellow, and blue. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
"I was stopped at the intersection of 26th and Sycamore in Sioux Falls, SD, 
at 19:32. A huge bright light (white) was falling from the"
Very strange, very bright, flashing light.
"Bright light shot across the sky. It wasn't as fast as a shooting star but 
faster then a plane or a satilight. ((anonymous report))"
"4 lights traveling clockwise, converging and then breaking apart. ((NUFORC 
Note: We suspect advertising lights. PD))"
"I saw this Unidentified object following me down the road for several miles 
before switching directions and disappearing."
Strange, silent, orange moving lights in sky, ((anonymous report))
Bright lights dancing in the sky changing in brightness and size.
Black nose aircraft near sun. ((anonymous report))
Possible military drone or UFO.
"Driving down Rt. 35, when we see a huge bright blue flash light up the sky. 
It was an oval shape roughly the size of a football field."
Blue light moving up and down o. Sky
Huge long luminous red cigar disc craft seen in Marin County.
"Driving north from Wheatfield IN, into Bone Grove IN, just south of 
Valparaiso,IN. I witmessed white lights in the sky, dark saucer sha"
"I saw 3-4 huge oval cloudy shapes darting zig zag fashion at split second 
speed about airplane level."
Bright oddly shaped light in the clouds in Northern Snohomish
"I was standing outside in my backyard looking up when I noticed a 
condensation trail. I took out my phone to take a picture which is wh"
1 dozen light orbs seen over 20 minutes travelling through sky
"Saw a steady light going across sky. Suddenly it went extremely fast (warp 
speed-like) and created a streak in the sky (very similar to"
Lights in the sky in Philly!!! ((NUFORC Note: Advertising lights. PD))
"Last night around 8:00pm I was outside with me dad and I looked straight up 
and a very bright flash hit my eyes. I asked my dad did you"
"Large round craft over Raphine, VA, silent with two rows of bright white 
lights"
Two balls of lights hurling through air, then disappeared.
"Looked like a meteor or something falling at a high rate of speed on 95 
south by Kings Dominion."
It was amazing, it was my first sighting.
Two orange/pink lights following each other.
2 brilliant lights.
Fastest light I've ever seen move in the sky with no trail behind it.
"3 orange lights followed by 5 blue/white flashing lights rotating across 
the sky"
Scanning type light appears over mountains.
"Odd, mostly stationary lights, in night sky, with helicopters broadly 
circling"
2 extremely bright lights moving slowly and disappearing in night sky.
Jersey shore sighting.
Silent curved shape changing object gliding through the sky
UFO arc maneuver near Camp Shelby, MS, air space/AO.
"Seen two circular objects south of residence looked like that were 
communicating with flashing lights for about ten minutes then one to"
"As I was driving down Deckard School Rd. in Radcliff, KY I seen what looked 
like lights on a tower but realized there was no tow"
"Intermittent bright light (not flashing like plane or helicopter) moving 
across the sky (from slightly west of here) in a north/northea"
"I was just star gazing around seven thirty pm on November 30th. Saw 
something bright orange out of the corner of my eye so I quickly gr"
Ball of light approaching a river that slowed and went out.
Blinking lights, spinning in a circular rotation.
"I observed a large object flying in the night sky. It was loud and flying 
slow, but changed direction."
"((HOAX?)) I saw a big triangle with 3 lights on each side, no light in the 
middle; similar to TR-3B, but w/o lights.((anonyous report))"
"Star-like and grey spheroid hover Niagara Falls. ((NUFORC Note: Possible 
sighting of a "twinkling" star, we suspect. PD))"
"Was driving in a rural area in Carlinville, IL, when we seen a very huge 
light in the N sky that appeared to have searchlights."
"11/29/2016, Fairfield, CA, large floating object moving west to east, early 
evening."
"At 7:45 PM on 11/29/16 in the sky heading north a light similar to a plane 
but slightly brighter and larger was directly in my line of"
"I was watching television in the house when i was called outside by a 
friend of mine to observe some strange lights."
"Two bright lights over bay city rd, one came toward us and we could see 
many colors no sound. the other took off ridiculously fast"
"((HOAX??)) Crescent shaped craft with seven evenly spaced orange lights in 
the backside. ((anonymous report))"
Bright white object hovering Southward over Plainfield, IL.
Very large slow moving orb over Portland Area.
Glowing flashing orbs moving erratically.
"I was driving northbound on SR 37 at approximately 12:17am heading out of 
Fishers and into Noblesville when I saw it.The craft was sout"
"Orange non-blinking tight group of lights flying east from coast then 
turned south and disappeared Have seen several craft of differen"
"Was walking dog looked up at sky what i thought was a satellite it was 
joined by three more lights. Yellow amber reddish in color. Flyi"
"2 different lights at the same time, same spot every night,and doesn't 
move. ((NUFORC Note: Celestial body? PD))"
"This was a very large objuect in the sky and other autos stopped to check 
it out. I stopped in the middle of the road."
"Bright white light became dim orange/red for brief moment, then bright 
again. ((anonymous report))"
"Same light shape 2 different days same approximate time. ((NUFORC Note: 
Star or planet?? PD))"
"Saw a red orange white light off in the distance. It did not appear to be 
in outer space. It seemed to be hovering in the atmosphere in"
"White circular shaped object flying about 300 feet, traveling more than 200 
MPH!"
"Mother noticed a bright light in the sky and drew my attention to it. 
Couldn't tell if it was a star or plane at first but then noticed"
One light in the center, the brightest then 4 on each side like a plus sign
White flying cigar.
"We where just sitting in the car an we seen 2 lights but it looked like car 
lights in the sky so that caught our attention knowing plai"
"2 really bright lights separately lit up my room, each lasting about 2.5 
seconds."
"Strange high-pitched frequencies and a beam of electric light going 
downwards diagonally before quickly vanishing."
"White light, maybe elliptical in shape with several coloured pulsating 
lights. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
Same light shape 2 different days same approximate time.
"Super bright spherical stationary object hovering no sound South Westerly 
L.I., NY at daylight to dusk."
"One rectangular object was in the sky with what appeared to be a small 
plane close to it. ((anonymous report))"
Bird or UFO?
Two brown metal pipes side by side in cloud that did not move.
((HOAX??)) Orange UFO in a swarm in Allentown, PA. ((anonymous report))
Was at bridge and green oval orb shot pass me above then disappeared.
"Bright circular light moving from Raymond to Lincoln in split seconds 
before disappearing."
"I had stepped out on my tiny porch to view the stars as I often do. When I 
looked up in the northwest sky I saw a disk like saucer wit"
Triangle shaped flying object.
distant bright twinking light shifting colors moving/drifting erratically.
White very bright burst of light.
Slow fireball with no tail floating over Central Florida sky.
Strange blue pulsing light.
"Bright light originally mistaken for a star. Began moving and hovering 
across wooded area for 5 min. ((anonymous report))"
UFO spotting in Venice lights.
"A large craft with 4 solid white lights was flying low across the sky and 
then vanished."
"3 lights in the night sky one was bigger the others were smaller. (no 
sound) when we saw them one of them took of REALLY fast."
"Classic" saucer.
Red and green dropping lights.
"I noticed two yellow light which resemble airplane in the sky. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Looked up above my house on jblm, Lewis main. Three balls of red flare 
light hovered over. The Blackhawks were not flying at all at thi"
Bright light staying perfectly still in s western sky and below cloud line
"It was a bright neon blue light that moved swiftly,loud,and high pitched. 
((anonymous report))"
"I was standing outside and happened to look up and saw a grey boomerang 
shaped object moving silently across the sky then over the hous"
"I was driving with the boyfriend when we saw three orbs of light in the sky 
in the shape of a triangle. One of them started moving unti"
"Saw a formation of approx. 2 doz. reddish/ orange glowing spherical objects 
float cross from the ocean side (east) to west across Hwy"
"5 orange orbs, aligned somewhat vertically, though offset, were seen moving 
very slowly for about a minute"
Lights over Nevada seen from commercial airplane.
Ufo on fire in sky.
"I saw a suspicious object in the sky at dusk today. The sky was already 
pretty dark, so I couldn't make out its exact shape."
"Red, green ball of light moving sporadically, descending, hovering and 
ascending. ((NUFORC Note: Probably a star. PD))"
"My 9-year-old brother looked up into the sky because something caught his 
eye. Orange circle. ((anonymous report))"
I have a picture. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flare? PD))
Light in sky increases in brightness and then disappears
Flash of light over Newcastle, WA. Flashed twice. ((anonymous report))
"The object was blinking different colors. It was blinking red, green, blue. 
It was blinking very fast. It kept disappearing."
Orange lights by Severn River bridge.
"Seen a red light heading south it turned blue stopped hovered about 3 mins. 
Turned orange and headed south I followed"
Erratic non-specific direction "dot."
"2 bright white lights flying NE over Fords, paused in Woodbridge for a 
unique airshow then the headed south towards Perth Amboy"
"2 bright white lights flying NE over Fords, paused in Woodbridge for a 
unique airshow then the headed south passing Perth Amboy."
"Strange cream colored sphere that changed from looking like deflated 
balloon to hard white glass."
"((HOAX??)) Mid-sized disk shaped obj., rotating violently, flying back and 
forth, landed several times, collision with dog & 2 people."
Multiple bright orange lights near Monrovia, MD.
A large-seeming camouflaged saucer rotating on an axis
"S sky, my wife and I were on the porch and we saw one bright star, that was 
moving. It was twinkling. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius. PD))"
"Mysterious Red-blinking Lights Appear and Disappear, After Hovering 
Stationary Over Busy Shopping District in Biloxi, MS."
Circling lights in Monmouth County Night Sky. ((anonymous report))
Massive green rotating disc-shaped lights over Portland
Amber ball of light over Syracuse.
"The object I saw during the day was WHITE as SNOW, larger than any 
aircraft, I saw a corner of it after the sun had set thru my binocul"
"Bright green light hovering in the sky then shoots across short distance 
and disappears completely from the sky."
"Bright red light,waning until disappearing, moving in small, erratic, 
directional changes."
"Colourful Ball of Light Over Lake Ontario, Canada. ((NUFORC Note: Possible 
sighting of celestial bodies? PD))"
"Very dim white lighting, appr 5 evenly spaced lights down each leg of the 
chevron. Glided by in total silence, headed in a south direct"
Flaming wing. Quiet. Traveling east to west.
Southern Utah sceptic reporting cloaking UFO in hopes someone else saw it.
Southern Utah sceptic reporting cloaking UFO in hopes someone else saw it
Green bright flashes in sky over Derby/rosehill
"4 orange lights flying in formation - straight line, formation broke two 
went straight up, totally silent - seemed choreographed."
"Large, bright claw-shaped object encountered below cloud cover with 
noticeable effect on electromagnetic spectrum."
"Three craft in formation over the Hudson River.

The object kept equidistant but spun within the formation. NYC tourism 
helicopters w"
Pyramid shaped shiny object in sky.
"4 fire like orbs were seen disappearing and reappearing for 40 minutes in 
Jarrettsville, MD. ((anonymous report))"
One object with bright white lights remained still for about thirty minuts
"It was a white glowing sphere. It was traveling from West to north east. I 
lost track of what happened next, it disappeared from sky. C"
"For unforeseen delays I was at least an half hour to 45 minutes behind 
schedule. ((anonymous report))"
Rolla.
"I saw what appeared to be lights outside that lit up and cast shadows on my 
front door’s window. ((NUFORC Note: Meteor?? PD))"
A moving glow from something above a cloud over Victoria, BC.
"For the past 4 days I've seen this bright light in the sky and it's 
stationary for a few minutes and then it's gone. It's not far from"
"~6pm each night towards west, before sunset a bright white light appears, 
its so bright it radiates. ((NUFORC Note: Planet? PD))"
"Round glowing ball changes shape. ((NUFORC Note: Probably a celestial 
body…a star or planet, we suspect. PD))"
This was a fireball quit and quick and Big.
Triangular object with green lights.
"Miramar Beach Florida Moving Sphere Appears in Sunrise Pics. ((NUFORC Note: 
We suspect lens flares. PD))"
I observed red-orange orb lights floating on my back lanai at 3:30 am.
Orange and blue light up the sky!
Bright Object Floating In Sky..
Four to six light clusters in eastern sky.
"Bright isolated orb. ((NUFORC Note: Possible sighting of an Iridium 
satellite flare? PD))"
"I noticed in the south eastern sky a greenish red flashing light. ((NUFORC 
Note: Possible star or planet? PD))"
FIREBALL COMES OUT THE SKY, WHILE THE CLOUDS TAKE SHAPE IN FORM..
"6* craft flying in formation..for a second... then appeared to move 
slightly out of formation and veer to the left...and we're gone out"
Silver aircraft hovered over city then vanished.
"Bright multi colored light. ((NUFORC Note: "Twinkling" star, we suspect, 
possibly Sirius. PD))"
"Saw 3 super bright white lights.also changed colors at times to 
red,green,blue 3 objects were about 1/2 mile apart flying just above tr"
Reddish-orange round ball of light flying over Apollo Beach.
Multiple objects headed south to north.
"Two lights zigging and zagging dropped into view for 15 seconds then flew 
up and disappeared."
What we witnessed has changed our entire way of thinking!
Group of 10-15 small circular lights in San Marcos.
"Either several aircraft at higher altitude, or one craft at lower 
(2,000ft?) flew East x Southeast overhead in rigid formation."
Orange/red sun like oval very bight below the clouds.
A bright red orange circle in the sky.
"Brandon, Florida, Nov. 19, 2016 standing outside to see the space shuttle 
take off it was approximately 6:30 pm and towards the north"
Fireball launched into sky. ((anonymous report))
"They were red lights in formation all traveling at the same speed.

At first I thought they we're an airplane but there was too man"
"We were outside having a cigarette and I believe I was the first to point 
it out. In the sky it was pretty cloudy out and raining there"
"Group of strange light orbs over eastern Fishers, IN, for hours with no 
particular pattern."
"Strange straight white light with V shape turned onit's side tail with a 
red light seen in the same spot not moving for about a hour ."
"4 lights hit each other zoom out and repeating sequence of movement. 
((NUFORC Note: Advertising lights. PD))"
"I was driving north on 35w and somewhere around Blaine Mn I noticed 2 odd 
black rectangle shapes flying in the sky maybe 500 to 1000 fe"
Light in the sky.
"Saw a bunch of sparkling silver colored crafts, one larger craft above 
them,no noise not sure of shape, white military jet with no wing"
"I look and it's like a helicopter spot light is aiming directly at the 
house, but it is making zero noise."
"I was in the back yard with my dogs and talking on the phone when I 
happened to see a blue chevron shaped object traveling from west to"
Strange blue and red lighted object in night sky.
"My father and I are in my van with my children. He is driving and I'm the 
passenger seat. We are going north on Broadway (Aka Old Route"
"Saw a unidentified object flying thru Smithton, PA, on I-70.7:00 am Friday 
11-18-2016."
Long cylinder traveling slow.
"An orange cylinder flew north in the sky and moved at a moderate speed 
silently away from us and disappeared."
Boomerang With floating/fluttery material.
Triangular silent hovering object over Hwy 26, near Fletcher
"Triangular flying object with very dim lights seen flying northeast across 
the sky of west side of Billings, MT."
"Triangular flying object with very dim lights seen flying northeast across 
the sky of west side of Billings, MT."
"At 7:15 pm traveling S on US Highway 77 we spotted a triangle shape with 
lights all the way around the outside edge and a main light"
"Bright green center, yellow white rays around. object elongated or shifted 
but did not seem to move. ((anonymous report))"
Star-like sphere, dimmed, flew away and disappeared.
"There was a bright light in the sky that had red and blue and green lights 
blinking. ((NUFORC Note: "Twinkling" star? PD))"
A disappearing object.
"Hovered in sky for about 30 min., then quickly moved east no sound and many 
lights in a triangle shape."
"Long shape with red & yellow going around with no en trail nor wings going 
around and around"
"UFO with several lights followed by bright comet like tail flying west to 
east in NYC north of Empire State Building"
Meteor large tail very visible with lots of twirling smoke.
"Outside in backyard looked up at night sky witnessed bright white light 
traveling very very fast for a few seconds then completely disa"
Bright light that disappeared fast.
"Four bluish-white lights (possibly saucers) + one upside-down teardrop ship 
over i93 and own home, Methuen, MA, 01844"
"I was standing outside smoking a cigarette and looking up in the sky as I 
usually do and I saw what I thought was an airplane at first."
"Was looking south from Patch St and Welsby Ave and saw a "line" of six 
lights running east to west. Then they turned (rotated"
White balls of light in backyard.
Formation over Caldwell, Idaho.
"Seen a red object flying N. It stopped turned blue hovered for a few mins. 
It then turned orange and headed N and hovered again then sh"
"25 mi. from Jordan, MT, driving North on hwy 200, 740pm Nov. 17th, 
2016,...the sky suddenly lit up, so bright like it was daytime."
"Cluster of lights probably thousands it started very low directly above 
street lights and floated up up into the sky until we couldn't"
GREEN TRIANGLE.
"Saw bright light hoovering in sky,and over the course of a couple hours we 
watched about 12 or so drones flying by the object. I've nev"
"Bright triangle shaped set of 3 lights pulses.very bright not like a planet 
or star.no noise. Seems to be less bright and farther away"
"Lights floating down blink immediately pop back up different area repeated 
3 times."
2 aircraft w white lights early morning.
"Slow floating white light seen over Stonington at 4:45 am that lasted about 
5 secs.; disappeared after passing over tree line."
Strange lights over Central Valley, CA.
Large amber light turns into 5 and slowly disappears
"Massive 6 bright white lights in a line, slightly arched, then changed into 
reddish orange light ball and disappeared."
"Solid bright red light, with intermittent white flashing while hovering in 
a stationary location"
"I was driving on my way home from work. I was westbound on Purplesage road 
when I saw a blue orb or spherelike object with a bright c"
"Two unusual bright lights seen from passenger jet that just strangely 
winked out."
2 ufos you could see inside one.
"8 Flashing lights seen flying in formation with multiple other planes 
flying in close proximity for long periods of time circling over"
"3 lights in a line that would randomly go dark and return to color. Stayed 
in formation the while time."
Brilliant green fireball arching over sky.
"I saw a small trail of light, heading from W to E, resembling that of a 
shooting star, except much lower in the earth's atmosphere."
"Very low bright light hovering near Manhattan, Illinois..... ((anonymous 
report))"
Flying disk shape saucer seen over tunnel mountain in Banff.
"There were three big lights of amber color in the eastern sky very big but 
they were all in a row. Upon following the lights two more"
"Driving down rt 40 in eht between Ubel and English Creek ave. I noticed 3 
lights lined up."
"Eight moving red/white lights--flying in random order from west to east 
over Shady Cove, OR the evening of November 16, 2016."
3 orbs over central Wisconsin.
Orange ball of Fire.
"Very low (less than 700') flying triangular shape craft with three distinct 
lights with one being red/orange. ((anonymous report))"
Dim blue light formation of clear camouflage craft
Orange lights over the Quad Cites.
"2 fast low flying planes follow point of light in sky over east valley in 
Phoenix"
"Transparent and shimmering, triangular, completely silent, travelling N to 
S 20 yards above rooftops, three jets followed."
"During a break at work I noticed a bright light over the tree line. I 
thought it was odd because I never noticed a star there before."
Blue lights over northwestern Seattle sky.
"A bright halogen like light listed lazily in a 10 degree area near direct 
overhead."
Trail of white lights rotates in circle three times and disappears
"Right above the movie theater, there was a round shaped object in the sky. 
There were red, blue and white flashing lights on the side."
"I was standing in my drive way with My father and a friend when my dad 
noticed a strange light in the sky it would be on then shut off"
"((HOAX??)) Saw 3 white objects 2 just hovered together. The other one moved 
away slowly by itself. ((anonymous report))"
((HOAX??)) Mother ship released four lights.
"Strange obj. on horizon moved as we looked at it and slowly came towards us 
and hovered with 1 blinking light. ((anonymour report))"
"Bright silver/white "streak" with an est. alt. of maybe 1000-1200' above 
tree line, NE of Saltillo. ((anonymous report))"
Hovering oval object in Portland, Oregon.
"I by accident photographed with a digital camera a single grey saucer like 
object with ridges and an oblong portal"
Strange light beam follows diamond shaped object.
"11/14/2016 - 4-6 large white circles in two groups moving, disappearing and 
re-appearing and circling each other in the Eastern sky."
"I was driving south east with 2 other people in the car. I seen an object 
in the sky triangular in shape, with a light on each corner,"
Four bright orange lights observed in a linear pattern.
"Two observers. Both are professionals working in Children's television. One 
of which is the producer of a network locally in Fort Worth"
Bright Light in Clear Sky.
Loud rumbling sound, a plane's lights, and anomylous lights.
"I saw a total of three lights moving north to south with the city of 
Columbus till they disappeared."
Bright orange orb-light morphed across the evening sky.
Bright pinkish orange lights in a tight line formation
Loud rumbling in a clear sky. Many people in area heard it.
Commercial passenger plane narrowly avoids collision with mystery object.
"Saw an unidentified seemingly intelligent white orb or object moving along 
the surface and under water while camping at Pine Flat Lake."
"I walked out of my friends house toward my car looking west and spotted two 
orange lights coasting downward toward earth, the lights s"
Triangular object hovering with red and green lights.
"Very slow moving object in SE sky. Viewed obj. with binox and there were at 
least 3 distinct red lights.((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
"state of sound mind that there is an unidentified changling in the sky s.e. 
of n. chesterfield va. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius?? PD))"
3 orange lights over Coconut Creek, FL.
"Witnessed three bright lights holding in a triangle shape over Chesapeake 
Bay; very bright, pulsating, incredible speed, not aircraft."
"Gf and I watching super moon, saw a wobbling star which was moving up, down 
and slightly to each side. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
Quiet, swift moving craft.
"I was out watching the moon as it was bigger and brighter than it had been 
since 1948. I notice a white object moving at a high rate of"
Lights from sky following car near Gila Bend I-8.
"Went out to see the full moon and over my rooftop towards the North was a 
greenish blue object darting all over the sky. It was met wit"
"I went outside onto my deck. A single light, very visible in the sky, 
travelled parallel to the horizon for no more than 4 seconds. I"
"My brother and I were driving from martinez to where we were staying in 
benicia. As we were heading northwest on 780 about to exit I lo"
"Multiple circular fireballs ascended into the sky, one after the other, 
from the Monroeville airport. Each continued moving upward int"
Comet-shaped floating object flies toward Washington, DC.
Cylinder shaped object over northern Illinois.
"Large contrail running south to north then turned 90 degrees to the west. 
This contrail was 200% larger and seemed very low to the grou"
Falling Stars and Cloaked Sightings.
"Flashing light moving eractically in south east sky. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possibly a star?? PD))"
"2 disk shaped objects drop from the skyline vertical and accelerate 
horizontal to the clouds."
"A small reddish light going faster then a plane in Maryville , TN.

I was laying in bed about to goto sleep when I looked up out the"
"Light Green rectangle appears for 4 second then flashes red lights in two 
spots on the front two corners twice then vanishes."
Object appeared to be on fire, but steady control, altitude and direction.
"Bright light fell from the sky and disappeared I've seen comets before but 
nothing like this."
"A bright white orb descended vertically, became a green line shape, changed 
direction, and shot away horizontally at blindiing speed."
2 v-shaped formations spotted.
"When I got off the highway 294 on Lake Cook road I noticed 5 lights. At 
first I thought it was a one group, but very soon I realized th"
"((HOAX??)) I saw about 25 to 30 objects. Only lights from the distance. 
Taking off and gaining altitude. ((anonymous report))"
Ospreys USMC trainings.
"Wife and I saw 5 light orange disc like objects that appeared to be 
spinning flying W. ((anonymous report))"
"A white floating light first night observed in shape of a cross, radiating 
white light. ((NUFORC Planet in SW sky? PD))"
Three comet-like, high-flying, no-noise aircraft over Washington, DC.
Dark Shadowy orbs floating over Bristol, Va.
"Solid ball looking thing floating West. Looked like it changed directions 
from South to West. No sound and no lights. Recorded it on my"
"My husband and I witnessed what appears to be oval and star like in shape 
from where stood. ((NUFORC Note: Star or planet? PD))"
Perfect triangular formation of fireballs to a thirty degree angle.
"Black oval craft flying over my block and in the area shining a strong 
white beam near us and over some homes.."
"My husband and I thought it was a star until it disappeared and then showed 
up 45 seconds later a little bit farther to the right from"
"Light anomaly that didnt blink spotted sitting still than moving slow. 
((anonymous report))"
"A meteor entered the atmosphere and exploded; very bright flash with a 
small remaining fire ball falling."
"Brief flash of light seen in the sky. Three people in the same area but 
separate from each other saw the light."
"Bright orange pointed cigar 50 degrees above dithers horizon going full 
east to west in 5 sec. Appeared to be very low and faster than"
"We were outside.a red light went by us from W to E, which turn to green 
this thing dropped down then shot to the right, then hovered."
"Sitting outside. A red light streaked through from west to east. Changed to 
green. Dropped down. Shot right. Hovvered towards oakla"
"4 greenish-blue lights rotating around a red light, brief "meteor-like" 
sighting"
Light follows Southwest Airlines flight for 60 minutes.
"Giant orange sparkling fireball fell draught down then split into 4 smaller 
balls traveling at perfect angles for 5 sec. then maneuve"
"I observed one or two extremely bright white lights east of my location. 
The intensity of the light(s) was the same as a halogen headli"
"Long White light hanging in E. Fl. Sky. Burst into 4 fire balls, and was 
gone."
"Low flying round disk with 4 lights gliding through quiet neighborhood, 
with searchlights out since the night before."
"Floating lights in the early night sky. 12 lights approx. 200 feet from the 
ground."
Large spherical object descending towards the Rockies, chased by jets.
Earthshaking noise from the air in Salem OR
Extremely loud and long sonic boom.
"Strange smoke/vapor trail over the Ohio River. Color white. ((NUFORC Note: 
Contrails. PD))"
"Very large metallic craft hovered then darted away at very high speed 
towards the sun. ((anonymous report))"
"I was outside in my backyard when I saw a orange light falling down at 
first I thought it was a shooting star until I was there were ot"
"Heading SB on Hwy 85 going through Gilcrest. Single bright solid dot flies 
northeast to southeast. No trail but was really quick."
Orb of light refueling power lines on leads to power failure.
"Incredibly loud and deep sound that felt like is was directly overhead. 
((anonymous report))"
There was four ufos in the sky.
"Light in sky changing color and moving sporadically in relative spot in 
sky.((NUFORC Note: We suspect a star. Anonymous report. PD))"
"Three friends and I were walking at about 9:50. Not long after that, the 
area around us was lit up by a green ring. This green ring/lig"
Green light and green ring.
Emerald teardrop light with golden sparking trail with no emenating light.
"Two blinking red lights stayed equal distance apart, one followed the other 
directly in line."
We seen 7 lights moving across the northern sky.
Long UFO over school. ((anonymous report))
"Yellowish orange lights, maybe spheres released red circles then 
disappeared in San Diego. ((anonymous report))"
Glowing Orange orbs float across sky.
Fast-moving light being chased by a helicopter.
23 amber lights travelling northwest to southeast making no sound.
3 lights.
3 lights over Phoenix, AZ.
White/orange circular lights in rectangle formation Phoenix, Arizona.
3 lights spotted in line over Phoenix.
3 lights in formation turning off and on in sequence.
"Bright red object in early night sky. Turned to purple moved horizontally 
and quickly vanished."
3 objects moving across the sky, until 1 leaves the group.
Bright unknown object hovered for 60 minutes.
"Very bright light fairly low in the sky as seen SW from Arlington. Very 
slowly descended then faded out and just disappeared."
"Silent bright light maneuvering east, south, north, west, and back east 
without banking."
Spotted UFO craft near Lester Prairie, MN.
"300ft silver cigar shape, 900 ft up, no wings, windows, engines, sound, 
Lights, markings, fuselage, tail section, or exhaust!!!"
Three lights in a line a cross the sky. ((anonymous report))
"There was a group of what looked like metallic spheres appearing an 
vanishing over Maryland seen from across the river in Virginia."
Three witness ufo in Saskatoon.
Took a video.
Reddish hyper-speed object.
"Seen strange light bounce in sky with different colored lights moving side 
to side in one spot. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
"Strange hovering light due East of Madison, SD. Sighting occurred at the 
dosc golf course at 7th and Blanche. Light hovered in the far"
Brightly lit triangle craft hovered 50 feet above roadway Spokane, WA.
"White, circular glow of giant light above San Rafael on Wednesday night 
(11/09/2016)"
"I saw a couple of little dots flashing red by the Chicago sky line. 
((anonymous report))"
Orange in color moving fast just over tops of buildings paralell to 405
"Saw a v-shaped object with 6 white lights and 1 red light in the center. 
((anonymous report))"
"Meteor-like 2 or 3 close together light blue lights, really fast across sky 
at dawn"
"Traveling East on HWY 16 between communities when the event occurred. 
Started off as a single green/blue light when it entered my line"
"I have not seen that shape and detail before now. I saw a large triangular 
shaped object in the sky."
V shaped object appeared out of nowhere.
"Saucer-shaped craft hiding in clouds, hovering over median strip on Route 2 
with red and white blinking lights. ((anonymous report))"
"A whitish orb. It had other colors coming and going out of focus but w/ a 
constant white glow. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
Orange light in Orange County.
"I saw a emerald disk covered in a transparent teardrop shell streak across 
the sky."
"I saw 6 self illuminated objects shaped like balls, that were giving off a 
light orange glow."
"To the east very high in the sky objext tofar up to be a helicopter staying 
in one spot not a plain. Red orange amd white light going o"
"To the east very high in the sky objext tofar up to be a helicopter staying 
in one spot not a plain. Red orange amd white light going o"
Fireball in the sky
"gf and me saw bright flashes of light while driving in the morning 0340. 
((anonymous report))"
Brilliant Blue and Red Triangular object in the sky
Objects that looked like fireballs in the sky. COMPLETELY SILENT!!!!!!!
"Large, 3 times larger than commercial plane, extremely bright off white 
light, more white than not, flashed. ((anonymous report))"
"Very bright lights that just sat there very close together not moving then 
changed when it went away"
"Several sets of red, white, blue/green lights under triangular object East 
Rolling Prairie left in sky West. ((anonymous report))"
Very High Flash of Light.
"I have great pictures. Been going on for over a week. They are reddish some 
flash bright white and moves L to R.((anonymous report))"
Lighted circles in rotation high in the sky.
Slow moving triangle shaped craft with three red blinking lights in center.
Large V-shaped craft seen cruising night sky in Redmond, WA.
Odd light made quick u-turn and hovered. ((anonymous report))
"Large flying object with huge bright light, moving slow and barely above 
treeline in residential area, after 9pm, 11/7/16, Boise."
Huge neon green, brightly glowing ball of light.
"A triangular shaped object with yellow outline with all congruent sides was 
moving north at 30mph."
"Large pulsing multicolored light hovering at cloud line. Pulsed for 2 
minutes, then disappeared. ((anonymous report))"
"Blue (like LED light) ball, even speed, heading straight from East of Reno, 
heading North slow then light turned off"
Large blue orb with light blue haze in central/eastern calif sky
"3 Triangular shaped crafts were seen hovering over the tree tops, under a 
1st Phase Moon, then disappearing after 60 seconds."
"Was in the backyard hot tub looking up at the sky and looking for "shooting 
stars, when a triangular figure appeared."
"Flashing red lights in chevron formation and rumbling sound in Los Angeles 
sky."
Red flashing lights in porter ranch seen by security.
"Well I was on facebook and saw that someone reported they had seen a few 
orange lights west of Berlin and I had gone out to my truck to"
"After returning near my neighborhood (Emerald Springs) my daughter and I 
noticed a very bright orange and yellow glow moving very slowl"
Green circle dot in the sky, was there then gone with in seconds!
Staten Island UFO sighting. 11/7/16.
Color shifting object moving east to west mid-morning.
"Green glowing circle stood in the sky then took up east was gone within 
seconds!"
"Orange, fast moving, no sounds, no other colors except solid orange and a 
reddish glow, slight haze."
Silent huge dark blob blending in with the night sky.
Multiple white lights moving as a group west out of Austin, Texas
"My son and I saw a large yellowish triangle object passing through the 
night sky at an incredible speed toward Pikes Peak Mountain. It"
Dim orange orb.
Dancing orbs.
"I noticed the five bright lights which the street lights were unable to 
mask. ((anonymous report))"
"We both observed a group of approximately 12 to 15 orange lights drifting 
from east to north about 200 feet above the ground."
Saw 2 bright glowing orbs in Pittsburgh.
"Oddly shaped illuminated object in sky that drew attention of 6 helicopters 
two days before election."
"Riding home from work, noticed object in the sky to the west flashing 
erraticly. After it had flashed once it would reappear off to the"
3 orb-like objects, one caught on video
"My son his wife and I saw a silver cone saucer shaped object approach an 
airliner at about 25 thousand Ft."
Dark Gray Circle Cloud lasting for about 30 minutes.
"UFO Light 5 times brighter than the brightest star that was outside. 
((anonymous report))"
Two very large bursts of light, in rapid succession.
"I had went to my back porch to make sure the door was locked when I saw a 
huge bright light in the sky. ((anonymous report))"
"Bright stationary changing colors; red blue, green and white. Varied 
intensity. ((NUFORC Note: Probably a star?? PD))"
3 bright orange lights in the Avondale, AZ, area.
Colored lights moving quickly across the sky. ((anonymous report))
"I went outside to smoke a cigarette about 11:20 PM. I looked up towards the 
western sky and saw what at first appeared to be a airplane"
"Red orange-red round colored fast moving silent objects moving northeast to 
southwest. ((anonymous report))"
"Upon stepping out to the back yard this evening, I noticed 3 large, orange 
fireball type objects low in the north sky."
"Saw a cluster of 5-6 lights, fading in and out, slowly moving within 
proximity to each other but also moving as a pack."
"HELLO at approximately 21:30 my fiance and I were sitting on our deck. We 
had looked up at the sky and seen this bright amber colored f"
"Driving 64 eastbound saw lights pulled over to look. We drove to next exit 
turned around went back and they were gone."
"I saw a round vessel with individual white litghts around it about 8 miles 
away and 100 Ft in the sky that stood still for 30 minutes"
"We witnessed a bright light in the sky on three separate occasions. All 
three were caught in video, and look to be the same exact objec"
"Basketball size yellowish light crosses my field of vision near rural road 
intersecion."
"Wintessed what appeared to be 2 satellites in tandem--then later--odd 
grouping of flickering lights"
"My girl and I saw a patern of orange lights start from the west and float 
over I93 moving east and slow and changed pattern from an egg"
"Strange Orange Lights over the Alaska Range While Flying from Anchorage to 
Fairbanks."
"Four Fireball-like Objects Flying in Formation Over Washington, DC Area 
((anonymous report))"
"Four bright red aircrafts were flying west with red trails. ((anonymous 
report))"
"At approximately 5:45pm my girlfriend stepped outside and noticed a "UFO" 
in the sky and called me outside."
"4 Bright White Cigar/Long Disc Shape - Traveling Slanted in sky - 
Dissapeared & Reappeared 3 jets chasing them -Witnessed by 2 in car"
"Was driving down Pulaski hwy in Elkton, MD, when I saw 4 lights in the sky 
in the shape of a triangle."
Small stationary light high in the atmosphere
"I was at my house waiting for lunch. I decided to go to the dining room to 
watch outside. I saw an object in the sky. I'm not sure what"
"On Nov. 5th, 2016, at approx. 0645 hours. We were out doing our morning 
walk, and we observed a metallic chrome like helmet sh"
"Formation of lights traveling with no sound-changing formation before 
disappearing one light at a time."
"Been observing an obj. that could be a helicopter, hovering over area of 
LAX. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? Anonymous report. PD))"
"Color changing sphere circles sky over WNY. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect a 
star, possibly Sirius. PD))"
Triangle shape object with lights outlining the trianle shape with no sound
Cloaked craft over Illinois.
"Friend and I saw a cluster of blinking white dots in the sky over NJ. Dots 
lasted a couple of minutes, disappeared.((anonymous report)"
"My friends and I were running late at night about 10:25ish. They were on 
skateboards right in front of me."
Orange light over Davis County
"Big green orb fell in diagonal line toward ground. fell very slowly. 
((anonymous report))"
"Group of blinking objects/lights. Soundless Filmed with still and video 
cameras"
"Driving home from the store, I looked up at the sky I notice what seem to 
be five asteroids or fiery balls of fire line up. When it go"
Formation of 6 or 7 fireballs hovering in the sky above Sugarland, TX
"Last night as my boyfriend and I was walking home from kmart we looked up 
in the sky and saw a HUGE bright white light. It was way too"
"Around 5:00 est, My mother and sister were outside of kfc/taco bell in 
etown,ky when they decided to take pictures of the sky. In one p"
"Since summer 2016 there have been small glowing stationary lights 
(resembling) stars… ((NUFORC Note: Stars?? PD))"
"I was driving south on I-90 coming out of Boston just before the turn onto 
95/128 when I saw what looked like 5 diamond shaped objects"
"Strange UFO-looking shape among the clouds in late afternoon, appearing to 
have mass."
"The bottom was the squid body and the lights were on top of it. The lights 
lasted for about five minutes and then faded."
Strange flash of light seen.
Fast flying light that disappeared suddenly. ((anonymous report))
There were lights on the object.
"Two sets of aircraft each with a bigger brighter leader craft. Came from 
opposite directions. Stopped and hovered and zig zagged."
"Multiple flashing lights in trees north of highway 50, west of sly park 
exit."
"((HOAX??)) I woke up around 4:00am on 11/4/16 and have a ciggarite when I 
opened my sliding door I seen 3 triangular lights."
"Massive ufo sighting--very clear (ufo account is reported with a 30yr 
personal past of knowledge of sky objects."
"A strange humming sound outside. Gets loud then fades. 2nd time i've hear 
this. Only happens very late at night between 11:00pm to 2"
"Three orange/amber orbs silently floating above Tempe neighborhood around 
Baseline and Kyrene"
"I noticed a few miles ahead of me a translucent sort of silver circle just 
below the clouds."
"Bright lights, Disk, Hangs in the North and East sky every night, White 
light,"
"Flying over West Jordan higher than a plane not making noise. Red and green 
lights. ((NUFORC Note: Aircraft? PD))"
"Orb of bright light fireball moving very slowly directly above our heads, 
and then disappeared. Not a shooting star. Too close."
"I observed 2 large, circular, bright, white lights in the evening sky 
tonight, before any stars were shining."
"11/03/16; 15 white lights traveling west to east in Charlotte NC at 19:10. 
2-3 minutes observing them"
Three Blinking lights underneath.
Small silent disc-like object over Northern Outer Banks, NC.
Craft hovered for several minutes, did not make noise.
"Spherical flashing stationary white light followed by dimmer red light, 
xtremely fast speed & zig-zag path."
"Alternating colors flashing sphere seen in early morning sky. ((NUFORC 
Note: Possibly a "twinkling" star? PD))((anonymous report))"
"Me and my friend saw to very bright space crafts pass by my house while we 
watching the stars."
"Orange glowing lights in the sky, 3 sets of 3 and then 2 sets of 3 in two 
different locations in Congress, Arizona."
3 flashes 2 different times 3 minutes apart very bright.
"I was facing south looking down and a light shined above me enough to get 
my attention. As soon as I looked up almost 90 degrees I saw."
"A single light moved across the horizon, while it made a low, rumbling 
sound. The light disappeared, and the sound stopped."
"Was sitting outside 7:30 p.m.saw an orange orb floating over the trees with 
no sound when I stood up to see what it was it shot off."
"Also reported on the Mastic Beach sighting in which I saw 1st hand. This 
sighting was witnessed by a close friend of mine who managed."
The object was round and had a red light with a blinking green light.
Triangle shaped UFO Silently Flies Over Small Northern California Town.
"There was a bright light in the sky and after a few seconds it just went 
dark. Then reappeared to the east. It continued to do this ."
"Got out of the car and I witnessed a bright green fireball just above the 
clouds."
"Saw a round light do a very fast zigzag maneuver from sky to horizon and 
disappeared. Moved very differently from normal aircraft in ar"
Millitary Helicopter chasing blue light.
"Was in the passenger seat, driving home through Mississauaga.

Time was approx. 8:15pm EST.

GIANT glowing green object fell from"
"3 sets of huge burnt orange and burnt yellow lights above been field were 
there then just disappeared, hard to tell all in a text."
"Driving home i saw a cluster of small blue orbs in a formation in the north 
west formation."
"My son and I were driving home I-83 N on our way home. I saw something to 
my left but in front of me. ((anonymous report))"
"I was watching coast helicopter hovering 10 feet off water for 30 mins in 
same spot , after about 20 mins , a boat came in and helicopt"
Light in sky.
"After dark I saw a white light maybe 1000 feet in front of a low flying jet 
travelling due north at a relatively slow speed for a jet."
"Stuck in traffic saw few people get out of car pointing towards sky saw 4 
black diamond shaped objects just still in sky I still can't"
"I witnessed a white dot moving slowly back and forth slowly then would sit 
stationary and then fade out out and reappear in another spo"
Hindenburg-shaped craft moving at helicopter speed.
"Star-like orange object that could move in a way I've never seen before - 
that emitted smaller objects and have them return."
"We were in River Oaks at a stop light right by River Oaks movie theater. My 
husband and I were talking and were at a red light."
"Fishing Narrow Bay facing NW, white spherical object appeared and jetted 
upward diagonally at about a 20° incline and disappeared."
What pulsating bar light on craft, apparently, with no sound...
"Tracked lights then looked away and then they were gone, nowhere to be 
found."
4 lights over Gretna NE
"Several Star looking objects, mostly white and some red, far in the sky but 
not as far as stars, moving south rapidly. Too high for b"
"I and my Husband saw a strange looking round shiny Metallic object in the 
sky heading N, then disappeared."
several solid objects in clouds over Cracroft point. BC
2 bright white lights, side by side.
"Pulsating bright light trying to use Sirius as camouflage with green and 
blue orbs darting about. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius?? Anon. PD))"
"Three fire balls appear in the nights sky. Do there little dance and then 
disappear into the night."
Orange orb-shaped light arcing across the sky towards horizon at high speed.
"Finished with my friend/lead building a bathroom, etc. Boring tedious shit. 
Picking fiAnce from work we head back over afterwards."
Orange object traveling from East to West in Wellington, Florida.
Red fireballs over Oxnard Shores, CA. ((anonymous report))
"Walking my dog when he stop and sniffed the air.. looked up & saw flaming 
white light in sky.. QUICKLY flew away!"
Orange light, occasionally blinking.
"6-7 Bright Orange Balls Of Light Flying South Out Of Port Canaveral Over 
The Banana .. Then Disappear One At A Time !!"
"Four red/white lights in traingular formation gliding noislessly at approx. 
half mile high followed up by a single identical object"
Bright stationary lights in Knox County, Tennessee.
Boomerang-shaped craft, adorned with, or emitting, white lights.
Long, cone-shaped, object with white, red and green lights seen by 2 people.
"Unknown object flying over the gulf at low altitude, moving very fast from 
north to south in the horizon."
Bright star looking objects moving in circles and left to right up and down.
"White light mostly,blue and red lights strobing around craft. Craft was 
itself cloaked. ((NUFORC Note: "Twinkling" star? PD))"
"Was driving on States Bridge road when a plane type craft caught my eye 
while driving. It looked like an airplane circling."
"Two low-flying/hovering crafts. Hovering at low altitude as we approached. 
Took off flying. ((anonymous report))

One continued eas"
"3 circular lights going around in a circle and disappearing, repeat 10 
seconds after. ((anonymous report))"
SOLID ORANGE PYRAMID SHAPED OBJECTS FLYING OVER MAYFIELD HTS., OH.
"We saw a long, slow formation of about 17 different lights, in smaller 
groups. Some were red, some green, some white. The red lights we"
"Bright White light in sky semi sphere changed shape to vertical and seemed 
to rotate. ((anonymous report))"
"Light beam witnessed above Mission Bay/Pacific Beach San Diego. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Saw a steady lit glowing green orb approx 2500ft up. Moved steadily in a 
straight trajectory to the SW. ((anonymous report))"
Dark-grayish flat like object, in the skies for approximately 10 seconds.
"Reddish orange light 20 to 25 degrees above the horizon in the northern sky 
around 6:00 AM."
"1 very bright, large flashing light colors or red, blue, green white and 
moving side to side and diangle.((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
"Large, silent, stadium light high, floating completely still appearance of 
commercial aircraft; so CLOSE to me it can't be dismissed"
Strange Lights moving over field at night.
Bright circle was spotted. ((anonymous report))
"Looked up and saw one large formation of about 13 stationary lights. stayed 
visible for about ten mins then just disappeared."
"The moon was a morning lower crescent moon, object light eminated and 
hovered close to the moon and earth. ((anonymous report))"
"Giant lighted circle towards the E over the mountains, looks like a full 
moon but the moon sets in the W. ((anonymous report))"
Two formations of lights.
"A fireball to the eye, but through binoculars it was a saucer with lights 
around the bottom."
"The sky lit up and a light green ball flew overhead then disappeared. 
((anonymous report))"
Watched a bright green glowing sphere travel across a field.
Yellow and green, larger teardrop shaped object above southeast Norman.
Zipping green lights with loud noise.
"Cylinder type of object hovering on top of the water with bright light 
beams. ((anonymous report))"
"Four lights in a square, red light in center blinking. Lights moved to 
verious locations instantle."
"The shape a flying wing with many small objects together making the 
shape.the objects were all very similar one another. And the were s"
"Fast moving straight line from E to W, no sound, completely covered 
underneath with dim white light."
"I saw a fast moving flash of light at first just a flash then added red 
light moving across the sky east to west while looking south."
"Low slow boomerang shaped craft with bright lights, disappearing and 
reappearing ((anonymous report))"
"Strange object seen, with green light. ((NUFORC Note: Report submitted by 
student. PD))"
"Grey object, 5 miles north of Asheboro Airport, moving rapidly and changing 
directions at extreme angles."
Round Bright light over the Arizona Strip.
"Two slow-moving red lights, flashing in unison, in a loose, staggered 
formation."
"My crew and i work night shift in the port of Los Angeles.Two times this 
month between 10pm and 12am we have seen "blue shooting s"
"I received a phone call stating that I needed to go outside and look at the 
lights over South Mountain."
"Greenish, circular light fly across sky and slightly turn. Pretty close and 
all of a sudden, just vanished."
Bright light that slowed down, then accelerated out of sight.
"Triangle object moving erratic 200 feet above tree line, stooped then 
lowered towards ground and lights disappeared"
"V-shaped craft with 4 red non flashing, dimmed huge lights flying over us 
while we were waiting to go inside."
Noticed something very bright reflecting the sun.
"At around 2:40 p.m. we noticed a helicopter flying over house once it left 
the vicinity we noticed a light hovering a above our house i"
Fast moving object traveled under my drone.
"I looked to the E morning sky that was clear blue and saw a bright round 
shaped object really high up. ((anonymous report))"
White Hovering Light of UFO Sighting in Kalispell/Creston, MT.
"Could be a military vehicle, but why there and just after midnight on two 
occasions?"
UFO HOVERS ABOVE GAVORA MALL.
"Saw 2 white light silent, low-flying crafts in the area of Bethlehem 
Catholic High School in Bethlehem PA on Oct. 25 at 7:15 PM"
"The UFO had amber lights circulating around it. It was dark so I could not 
see any shape. The event only lasted 1 minute."
Amber string of lights.
3 lights in triangular formation moving slowly across tree line.
"A straight line of four to five lights that appeared to be rotating in a 
circular motion"
"My sons and I were leaving the College when we saw 5 lights in the sky, 
they faded in and out then disappeared. The 5 lights were in th"
"Oct. 25, 2016, between 6:30pm and 7:30pm, numerous people from different 
towns in Arizona are seeing lights in the sky."
"We were driving east on the Loop 202 San Tan freeway, and I saw what 
appeared to be balls of amber light appearing in the sky due east."
String of lights appearing to change postition with each other.
Four red lights. Appeared, went into formation and then disappeared.
"I only saw 4 or 5 oscillating lights while travelling down the 202 
eastbound. Amber or white in color. Slowly moving through the sky"
"Saw lights appear and dissapear then reappear in a straight line...north to 
south"
Amorphous reddish orange object seen during the day
"White dot spotted in the sky stationary for a number of minutes then zoomed 
off."
"As we speak this is happening. ((NUFORC Note: Advertising banner, being 
pulled by a tow plane. PD))"
Circular object w/lights in sky in morning.
"Saw bright light far in the sky orbiting and lights turning green,red and 
yellow. It moved back and forth. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
White light zooming very fast across the sky.
"Strange white and orange circular light that we're hovering and suspending 
and moving back and forth in a strange fashion."
"Triangular shaped orange light in the sky that glided through the air 
sometimes stopping then disappeared within secs. ((anon. rept.))"
"I was driving home when I noticed several lights I thought to myself I 
don't remember a tower being there as I kept driving I was like"
Strange lights were hovering in the sky.
"Orange lights low in the eastern sky, as seen from interstate 355 and 
Southwest highway. Most holding in a formation relative to one an"
94W near 103rd at 5:30PM.
White flashing light seen over the I94 interstate. Caledonia/Racine WI
"My native laguega is Spanish so I will describe what we sought aran Como 
las 6:30 mi mama,yo y amistades vimos una efera redonda."
3 Huge Strange Lights Dancing Over The Coachella Valley Area on Oct 23rd!
Large Amber light, no other light to tell what it was
"Orange circles in a group of 6 then1-2 at a time about 1/2 way across the 
sky they started blinking then disappeared. They disappeared"
"Triangular shaped hovering aircraft in sky on highway 3 and Kannapolis 
Parkway."
"Triangular shaped hovering aircraft in sky on highway 3 and Kannapolis 
Parkway."
Flying formation of flashing aircrafts.
"Huge Red pulsating ball seen in the western sky around 8:35 pm. Craft was 
low on the horizon traveling north. Disappeared and then ca"
"Orange and yellow spheres sighted on Pembroke Pines sky traveling from east 
to west direction."
Triangular UFO with one bright light at the point.
"While at the lightrail, near M&T Bank Stadium, my wife and I noticed a kind 
of bright red light that would flash to white, then repeat"
Red lights, flying away, stopping, hovering and flying backwards
"On the morning of 10/23/16 my husband called me out to our back yard to 
look into the sky to show me he saw a white orange star making"
Bright light above Sugarloaf Mountain.
"Using my binoculars I witnessed a cigar shaped, rusty orange colored object 
fly from my south to east ."
Reddish orange floating sphere over Trenton, MO.
Fast moving large fireballs
Red balls of fire over Madison, WI
"4-5 medium sized red orbs floating and continuously switching shapes. Just 
hovered and switched from a V shape to many other shapes ran"
"Seen 3 bright light in the north moving to the west in a triangl pattern. 
It last about 30 to 45 seconds the they desapeared one light"
"I saw star like object appear and then disappear about 5 times within about 
a 4-5 minute time bracket."
"At 8:15 pm wife and myself were leaving neighbors house when she said look 
whats that. looked up saw two orange red balls of light tre"
3 green lights triangle Alvord, Texas.
"Two lights that looked like sparklers, Appeared over San Dimas,CA Then 
fizzled/faded out of sight."
"For 2 weeks, a bright star-like light appears in SW sky every night around 
dusk, then disappears."
Silent, fast moving V-shaped line of light over Beaver Dam, WI.
Numerous orb crafts of different colors seen over south central KS.
"Object hovered alongside highway, outlined in green light. ((anonymous 
report))"
Balls of light appearing in sky, seemingly interacting with larger light.
Cluster of White Dots
"Fighter jets being followed by silver disc heading towards Lockheed in Ft. 
Worth, TX."
"Two diamond shaped craft rotating around each other with bright lights 
noted in broad daylight for 15 min."
"Orange ball of light -- possibly triangle shaped -- high in altitude, 
changes course, two witnesses."
"Orange ball of light on hiking trail in North Cascades. ((NUFORC Note: Lens 
flares. PD))"
"UFO spotted several times over past week. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect a 
"twinkling" star, possibly Sirius. PD))"
Massive "V" formation, envelops the sky.
"Intensely white round object moving about 30' above tree tops in 
residential area"
Mysterious object in the Phoenix sky.
"They moved west to east and covered the entire skyline in 4 seconds. They 
appeared to be at a high altitude and were only not emitting"
"A small, chevron/boat-like craft descended below a nearby treeline at a 30 
degree angle."
"4 white lights circling each other in the night sky. ((NUFORC Note: 
Anonymous report. Advertising lights. PD))"
"Triangle object over in at low altitude close highway 60 then moved slowly 
north. ((anonymous report))"
V-shaped, fast moving set of lights above the clouds.
Orange object drops white orb.
"So at approximately 9 pm on October 21st 2016, we were sitting outside in 
our front yard star gazing due to the metior showers when all"
"3 orange lights no sound or movement S of 340 between Brunswick and 
Jefferson. I pill shaped orange bright object."
"Hovering up and down , flashing red and white lights , disappeared without 
a trace no noise. ((anonymous report))"
Follow up from earlier post of a sighting reported at Johns Creek.
"Intelligently guided stretch flight flies over La Puente, October 21 1:45 
PM."
"White in color with a white tail sperical shape. ((NUFORC Note: Possibly a 
high-altitude a/c, with a contrail behind it? PD))"
Triangle shaped object.
"Triangle shape object with 1 light per side (3) and one strobe type light 
almost in the center. about 100 feet above trees. Drove aroun"
Saw bright orange orb in southern sky.
"It was yellowish orange moving across the sky and just disappeared. 
((anonymous report))"
Bright orange ball.
Single lights formed a V shape and flew quickly south.
Blue and Red Fireball Chased by Red Orbs Over Lake Orion Michigan
3 bright orange objects, traveling in a straight line, W-NW, in Madison, WI.
"The disc object with bright lights came from the North and disappeared over 
the mountains to the North"
"My son and I were camped at Woolum campground on the last night of a week 
long float trip on the Buffalo River and had moved our camp c"
"Multiple slow moving white lights in sky; all directions. ((anonymous 
report))"
Bright, solid, white, circular light traveling slowly in the sky.
Four HUGE Lights Hovering Over Colorado Springs, CO Caught on Video
"Lights the size of stars in the sky, fluidly zigzagging across field of 
view."
"I was walking out of front door and the door was shimming I could feel 
vibration and heard a loud humming noise ..I looked up and there"
Yellow motionless sphere.
"Slow moving yellowish/red/orange sphere that stopped in mid air and blinked 
out of sight."
"Large, bright, high altitude white sphere moving very slowly from north to 
southeast; then drops"
"On Highway 9, right before you get into Alma going S. Bright light, fast, 
greenish. Only lasted a few seconds."
Multiple blinking lights under of Pacific Ocean. ((anonymous report))
"I was driving East on M-36 and saw a light in the sky behind the clouds. 
((anonymous report))"
"Starting on Tuesday, October 18th around 6:30pm in North Carolina, I 
noticed that just above the sunset was what I thought was a star.."
"Spherical Object Sighted above the clouds at Johns Creek, GA. ((anonymous 
report))"
((HOAX??)) Bright disc shaped object.
"Triangle craft flying low with two red lights in back and a white light in 
the middle."
"We seen it fly over the road we was driving on then it hovered above a 
field. It was so bright. It just sat still for a minute."
"Blueish green light rapid unnaturally directions and an orangeish red light 
lands in residential area"
"Bright star like object with 4 smaller objects below it spread out in a 
circle formation with white, red, and blue green lights."
"Red and white blinking lights moving like satellites north to south nearly 
20 different times."
Hovering aircraft over the Dobson,Pilot Mt.,Mt. Airy,area.
Intermittently moving lighted object observed over a fifteen minute period.
"This object has been in the NE sky for over an hour and hasn't moved. 
((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
Four lights in formation disperse with helicopters
"Lights in the sky look like stars but move around and fade in and out and 
turn off and on"
"Star-colored object flew over lighted porch, then shot off to the east of 
the Milky Way."
Light formation fading in and out, merging, and changing shape.
"At 15:31 while watching the stars my dog gave an awful bark, then the 
neighbors dogs started barking. I went to the front of the house"
"My son and I were out in the front yard and he said what is that dad, I 
told him an airplane since we are in a area see planes going to"
Strange diagonal line of light
Triangle in sky white lights.
"Steady Large Triangle of Lights behind clouds. VERY large craft if that is 
what it was."
Yellowish/ white spheres over Yakima, WA, military base.
Bird-shaped lights in V-formation.
Bright light that seemed to be hovering, jumped twice, then disapeared.
"Very bright, spherical flying object spotted and photographed at UMass 
Dartmouth, passing over the woods behind the wind turbine."
"Saw a bright star move from a stationary position to a full 90 degree 
downward to the right, lit up to 3x the size and took off."
"I think I witnessed a meteorite or meteor streaking through the sky to the 
north .the bright light went from looking like a bright star"
Very bright, round, object moving slowly.
"It was dark, no clouds. Suddenly a round, bright light appeared in the sky 
out of nowhere. Looked like a large spotlight and thought it"
"Saw a cluster of blinking lights flying NE to SW near in the Cadet 
Subdivision."
Cigar shaped craft flew very slowly overhead.
"My two brothers and I observed a white orb hovering over (which seemed 
about 100's of feet above) Pikes Peak. It was stationary."
5 lights, maybe shapes, in a strange alignment, in the western evening sky
"Silver disk in sky, hard to see sometimes due to reflection of sunlight, 
floating shortly then moves quickly out of sight"
4 oval-like white crafts moving through the sky.
"At approximately 05:30 on 10/18/2016 I witnessed a series of 3 triangular 
shaped craft. All 3 had lights on the the 3 points of a perf"
Erratically moving glowing light in sky.
UFO Hovering In My Backyard ((anonymous report))
"Went out said too let the dog out and looked too the left and it was 
hovering and swinging back and forth..there was only one"
"Saw small craft with white, blue, and red blinking lights hovering in one 
area then saw a triangle craft with light sound fly from mili"
"The objects appeared star like in nature. Upon first sight they are 
indistinguishable from stars until prolonged observation reveals th"
"Light hovers, dims, then shoots off over Lake Washington area, Melbourne, 
Florida."
"My girlfriend saw a light,over the western mountains,across from Utah Lake. 
I looked out the window and it was a big, gold light. It wa"
"Silent, huge triangular black craft with 3 faint red lights in a line 
across the back and markings on the bottom."
"Saw 3 different orange pulsating lights one after another go from nothing 
to really bright to dim and a pulsating effect to just a orng"
"Bright, flickering, flamelike light out over Lake Michigan. Stationary, not 
a plane. Not a lantern, there were extreme winds."
Lighted object, shaped like a plane, in a nosedive.
"Triangular Shape w/very bright orange light w/2 smaller lights seen on a 
rural road going home."
"Bright light with no warning or indicator lights heading east for approx. 2 
minutes until light suddenly went out."
"My wife and I were walking through the South Mountain reservation, A star 
like sphere, bright white, flew over our heads a thousand fee"
"Observed bright ball, going north to south slowly. 3 miles south of route 
29, stopped, then shot off."
3 cone shaped objects in backyard.
Diamond Shaped Metal Object in Broad Daylight
"Observed a white, silvery sphere that held stationary, then moved east into 
the morning sky"
Blue light changing size and shape moving around for a few hours
Bright slowly moving comet-like object in Countryside Clearwater
Blue light hovering then zoomed away.
Bright white light triangular shape as if falling from sky
"Orbital object in the sky hovering over Hwy 360 south of Hwy I-20 remaining 
stationary. There are lights illuminating from the object;"
"Large Circular Bright Pulsating Light Changed Color from Red to Green to 
Yellow"
"Very bright, non-blinking, bluish-white, soundless, light travels slowly NW 
to SE in clear night sky then fades out to nothing."
"Three pairs of white fireballs with short contrails. ((NUFORC Note: We 
suspect six contrails. PD))"
Triangle with 3 lights plus a red light.
Grey, silver triangular shaped flying object over Bonner Springs, Ks.
"Object flew across the sky and then straight up until no longer visible. 
Fast."
Green\blue streak of light. ((NUFORC Note: Meteor?? PD))
"On October 16, 2016 shortly after 2 pm, I was laying on my back looking 
straight up into a partly clouded blue sky. High, lacy static c"
"A single orange light traveled in a slow, erratic, yet seemingly controlled 
pattern across the sky."
South east Nashua sightings
Lights in single file orange glow going from nw to se.
Orange circle moving across sky quickly, then slowed and disappeared.
"Multi-colored, flashing lights spotted over Lake Erie in North sky. Moved E 
to W and thought it was space station."
Three fiery orbs observed
Lakewood, CO, UFO.
red/orange orb being pursued by large helicopter just above the trees
"Sitting at a fire i looked at what seemed to be a bright star that just 
slowly faded and disappeared. ((NUFORC Note: Satellite?? PD))"
"craft flying very fast with very bright light beaming out in front of craft 
then turning to smoke trailer as craft disappeared"
Odd erratic, bright light over Prescott area.
"I saw it come out of the clouds. It was a black equal sided triangle. 
((anonymous report))"
Small bright diamond, exposed by the sun.
Metallic red then silver, chevron/boomerang shaped. ((anonymous report))
5 disks in "V" formation.
Bright light across the sky of Detroit in day light. ((anonymous report))
Sphere UFO sighted on ISS live stream.
"Different colors circular object non movement in same spot numerous times; 
no sound; light beams to ground seen twice"
"Under the clear sky this morning as I was driving down 84 I spotted 2 UFO 
craft one of them flying lower than the other triangle black"
"2, Very Large, triangle Shaped Objects, both had 3 very large, dim red 
lights on each tip of the triangle."
"Several pulsating lights maneuvering and acting in ways unknown to this 
earth and the single strangest thing I've seen in my life."
"Black teardrop-shaped ring hanging in NE Queens, NY, sky. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Bright circle-shaped object appearing over Lithia, Florida. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible star?? PD))"
Saw a small white object traveling through the clouds slow and fast while.
Large stationary craft Northwest of Albion
"Three incidents first was, three objects diamond shaped flying in formation 
same speed. Fastest flying we ever seen."
((HOAX??)) Triangle, lights, orbs, UFO, helicopters? Opinion.
"Dot of light just brighter than a star, undulating and drifting in the sky 
unlike any aircraft. ((NUFORC Note: Possible star?? PD))"
"I viewed a glowing orb pulsing bright periodically and move slowly 
hovering. ((anonymous report)) ((Star??))"
"Once again above the desert here where I live red orb like lights appeared, 
traveled the same exact path and vanished."
Five independent orange lights in night sky.
"Large orbs rising from behind eastern mountains,traveling s on rt.196s just 
After sterling corners.seen many over 2 year period.they ac"
A diamond shaped craft with white lights.
"Around 8:30 pm last night noticed multiple bright white lights SE of 
Socorro in the Escondida are in the East mountains."
"Moving white spheres seen by two people, while camping in northern 
Wisconsin."
"They looked like floating lights, but as we got closers they got bigger and 
started turning. We thought is was a drone but as it got in"
"We were heading north on 195 coming from Brunswick to head to Winthrop 
Maine. I noticed a strange out of ordinary craft up in the sky."
Update to my report.
"I saw a long oblong shaped craft, tilted on its side hovering with no noise 
moving silently. ((anonymous report))"
"Saw a streak of light vertical in the sky. At first I thought it was a 
plane crashing into the mountains."
"I took multiple pictures of the morning sky and sunrise. ((anonymous 
report))"
I observed an extremely bright object sitting stationary and low in the sky.
I observed an extremely bright object sitting stationary and low in the sky.
"I couldn't sleep, so I went look at the stars. I saw a triangle shaped 
object with one/two lights. I am the only one awake at this tim"
3 Triangle-shaped craft hovering over MxCC middlesex Community College
Saw two bright white lights in the sky completely still
"It was a very bright white light moving very fast across the sky from the 
south to the north in the western sky at a downward angel it"
"STRANGE GREEN OVAL LIGHT COMING FROM SPACE WITH NO BEAM TO THE WATER PILOT 
TRIED TO RECORD BUT IT WOULDNT SHOW UP IN A VIDEO."
UFO while on I-55 @ Mile Marker 17.
"Moving right to left on road in front of us was a perfect shaped rectangle 
of whitish gray color. ((anonymous report))"
"Multiple lights counted 11 moving side to side, separating formation 
flashing off and staying bright white & yellow.((anonymous report)"
"4 of them, hovering, then also moving individually. One crossed the path 
where a other was hovering. ((anonymous report))"
"Object first hovered in sky with extremly bright red lights - was a very 
large object - larger than a plane."
"Last night I saw some strange subjects in the sky. They look like 
fireballs, floating in the sky very smooth.I didn't count how many th"
Unknown object in the west north sky after sundown.
"Orange light crossed the sky like a fast satellite and then dropped down at 
a sharp angle backwards and disappeared."
"An orange light moved into the glow of the moon and came back out, 
brighter, shooting diagonally down."
Numerous white round objects observed during day light hours on Long Island
"Saw a large white ball with tail made it look like Star Ship Enterprise 
clear sky."
"Witnessed a white, perfect circle, moving quickly through an otherwise 
clear sky."
Blinking Silver ball changing to an oval shape
"At 04:00, in the clear night sky a diamond pattern of lights, varying from 
blue to green to red to white, hovering. ((anonymous rept.))"
"I thought it was a star off to the E, but the blinking lights jumped out. 
It sat there for hrs. Green, blue, red."
Never before have i witnessed something like this. Wow!!
"My daughter and I saw a round light floating across the sky above the 
Columbia river through our living room window, I ran outside to g"
I believe the sighting over Elizabethtown, PA, was a single Chinese lantern.
Single slow moving fireball that changed direction.
"Two VERY fast and hard to miss UFO's at Yosemite National Park in slow 
motion."
"This appeared to be a burning object that was moving in a forward 
direction. It was a orange/yellow color."
I could clearly tell they were perfect spheres, almost like black marbles.
Disc-shaped object flew slowly across several blocks.
"7 objects on video footage recorded with a drone during daytime full HD 
video available. ((NUFORC Note: Not ufos, we suspect? PD))"
"Strip of bright orange lights in a "S" shape or 2, rotating slowly, moving 
slow and silent heading east. ((anonymous report))"
"Red triangular lights and sphere witnessed by 3 people in early morning sky 
in Texas."
Translucent looking triangle object, no sound.
"Much unusual activity, starting with a helicopter, and ending with various 
ufos. Please read full story of what we saw."
"2 objects seen. One larger bright white starburst; the second a glowing red 
sphere."
Looking up walking from my moms to my house next door lighted x no sound.
Red object with flashing rays seen by 2 people out their back porch.
Temporary big red flashing star.
Third Goleta sighting in five weeks.
Orange Light Sighted In Sky.
Cone shaped object moving obliquely along a straight path of travel.
"It is a very cloudy day, with some abnormal cloud formations appearing 
suddenly and moving very quickly in the foreground near the&quot"
An orb like object coming from a funnel like object above it.
"Three silent white cigar shaped objects floated across the sky at 10:30 to 
11:30 Sunday morning."
"Every night for the past 2 weeks I have been watching 2 crafts in the west 
word sky. They come out just before dark and slowly float."
Orlando UFO sighting. WOW!m ((anonymous report))
Fast traveling craft 03:30.
Light moving N to S over McKinney.
Strange lights in egg-shaped formation over Mt. Airy, Maryland.
"We saw a glowing, pulsating bright red and golden light. ((anonymous 
report))"
"At 11:20pm I was traveling west on Interstate 72 just crossed Into Sangamon 
County when I saw a bright light I mistaken for a star."
"Bright blue light seen above canal then prompted me to look up and then it 
disappeared."
"We seen 1 light that was making radical turns as if it was on a reckon 
mission. Then out of no where 2 more lights would leave the 1st"
"Saturday me my sister mom and dad went to coyote drive in movies in Leeds 
Alabama at first as we were watching the movie i seen what h"
"I went outside on my front porch and I looked toward the southeast and saw 
8 orange lights in the sky. I first thought it was helicopte"
Numerous lanterns seen in the sky, as well as a few still being released.
"Chevron - Triangles- Large V shape all within 15-20 mins. ((NUFORC Note: 
Resolved. Caused by launching of sky lanterns. PD))"
"Large, silent V shaped craft. Dark grey with very dim lights on leading 
edge."
"Cluster of approximately 100 twinkling lights moving slowly across the sky 
in formation."
Four identical objects observed Near OAFB by two adults.
V-shaped lights in Marietta, Ohio Oct. 8, 2016
"Big bright light in low in the western sky at twilight. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible sighting of Arcturus of Jupiter in W sky? PD))"
UFO over Wrigley Field.
UFO (Real bright light) over Lake Beseck in Middlefield, Ct
Saucer shaped object near Trapper Peak. Emailing photo.
Invisible ufo and could see the outline of it
"Rectangular silver panel with nothing else around it; below the clouds; 
made no sounds; took a sharp turn; gave me the creeps."
"I was in my driveway taking pictures of a family of falcon that were 
circleing my house. I was using the quick shot more on m camera ph"
"Appears to be one object. Object contains 3 lights consisting of white, 
red, and blue/green. Object at times appears stationary."
"Two large 4 propeller style ufos hanging over Lyalta, AB. 3 other cars 
pulled over to photograph."
"Three objects, similar to stars but drifting vertically and horizontally. 
Both with flashing lights, one red and white and one blue and"
"Correction on previous report seen at 10/8/2016 at 1am approx. Got home 
from work and seen bright fireball light streak across constru"
"Flashes lighting up portions of the sky. Also, last year witnessed 4 lights 
hovering in diamond shape in St. David for >1 hr."
"I saw bright flashes of light behind the clouds. Then I saw red rectangle 
lights coming through the clouds."
"Unidentified flashing lights hovering 15 degrees above horizon, in west 
north west direction"
"3 red lights in sky flying northeast direction flying same flight path one 
behind the other."
Three bright yellow vertical lights at night in the sky near South Gardner.
Yellow, disk-like, glowing object moving slowly over New Ipswich, NH.
Arrow shaped object w/dim lights. ((anonymous report))
White ball of light flying very fast then disappeared
"Three groups of lights, flashing white, red, and green. 5 + lights in each 
group, held position in sky for over ½ hour spotted by f"
Small glowing orange beams. 3 in a triangular formation.
"While driving, I noticed a large disc shaped metallic object in the sky 
above The Humboldt Bay. The metal was shiny and reflective."
Cylinder shaped craft fly's through opening in clouds.
"My coworker and I were getting ready to walk into work and a green neon 
light appeared and shot across the sky fast and smooth and look"
"Hovering and flickering red and green lights. ((NUFORC Note: Sighting of 
"twinkling" star?? PD))"
8 lights in the sky.
"3 multicolored craft observer traveling in sky and turned off lights as 
commercial airplane traveled past in same general area."
Two different craft seen moments apart.
Very bright flying object there ten second then gone instantly
"In the S sky a blk triangular craft flew R to L then switched dir. and 
darted S and out of view… ((anonymous report))"
"Seemed like just another star but then looked like a spotlight rolling and 
was extremely Bright...then went back to a twinkle."
"Saw a red oval light in the sky over my house at 10:52pm on 10/6/16, it 
looked like it was going to collid with a plane, in an instant"
"((HOAX??)) Amber orb floating east of Whitefish Lake, moving towards 
backroad to blue moon. ((anonymous report))"
"I noticed two lights traveling from West to east. Leading light was 
constant green(no flashing), trailing light was an intermittently f"
"Approx. 4 seconds, a bright thick streak of light in sky & is low. bottom 
tip explodes bright white light & bits burst out & then gone"
Low, slow and silent unidentifiable flying object.
"Round, shiny objects flying in formation moved in ways not consistent with 
aircraft, balloons or anything else."
"the 1st object was flashing red, white, and green light. It was not moving 
at all. It was near Mt, Aggementicus. It had another to the"
A triangular shaped object flying over Torrington, CT.
"Flash blue and pink. Hovered up and down. My daughter said she saw 
something outside her window. ((anonymous report))

Its"
"Faint tiny red flashing star gets bigger, then moves from West to North, 
then flies directly over city of Ottawa, ON."
"Hovering UFO is observed multiple times in Slate Hill, NY. ((NUFORC Note: 
We suspect a "twinkling" star. PD))"
"Round bright white lights followed by orange double paneled lights in the 
same spot! Then, flashing smaller white light directed at me"
"Teal colored light ring sighted on a low altitude straight flight path for 
30 plus seconds east of St. Paul, MN."
Bar shaped ufo with three bright lights across.
No noise at all.
Erratic moments green and red lights.
"My wife and I witnessed a ufo in the west sky.

A lady stopped her car and said she saw it The night before. We watched for 
20 minute"
"Chevron-shaped glowing vapor cloud moving across night sky. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Bright yellow light skipped across sky than disappeared in a green glowing 
flash"
"Clear day sky. Observe white/silver cigar object resembling (size) the 
KC-10 but no markings, no tail, no wings, no sound, no contrail,"
"Standing on my deck looking across the river I multiple flashes that were 
super bright and unform. Very short lived."
"Large green fireball seen falling from sky over Fort Washington, Maryland. 
((NUFORC Note: Probable meteor. Video. PD))"
"Bright light came straight down with no lateral movement stright down. Had 
sparks following it."
"At 10:35 pm there was a bright yellow light in sky to the S of Hilton, NY. 
The light was so bright I saw could tell there was somet"
Black Apache style helicopter chasing and orange ball of light.
Bright White Light Hovering Low in the sky.
Huge disk shaped object.
"Orange glowing orb flame-like no sound very slow 400 feet above stayed at 
elevation for 4 minutes then rose and dimmed and disappeared"
"Husband and wife report unusual launching of U. S. military aircraft. a/c 
headed north at high speed."
"Stepped outside on balcony on golf course, saw white light in sky blinking 
and hovering. ((NUFORC Note: Possible star?? PD))"
"While driving down 54 at midnight I witnessed a low-flying, fast-moving 
spherical green light source."
"Plane like with two white lights and one red. 2 hours of same route in sky, 
varying speeds"
red lights over Laurel.
"This is further info, correcting a previous report. (1) Object sighted was 
spherical, shiny, with downward "jet trails" which"
"Pair of linked triangles with light columns extending straight downward a 
precise distance; not drifting or bobbing"
"Very big object with very bright lights hovering and fliping up side down 
and seeing alot of very small lights on the object"
"A weird object in the sky shaped like a T and flew perpendicular rather 
than parallel to the ground"
((HOAX??)) Driving, noticed glowing craft in sky.
"Very loud disturbance. Three red fireballs low in the sky descending slowly 
overhead."
"It hovered in one area for more than 30 min., constantly blinking. It 
looked like it had multiple lights. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
"Hovering flickering lights. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect "twinkling" stars. 
PD))"
I saw two huge beams of light going from the sky to the ground.
"Out of no where a blinking light in the shPe of the saucer appears 10 
seconds later it was gone. ((anonymous report))"
"Point of light that is strobing red, blue and possible green and orange and 
seems in a stable position."
"Sitting in backyard with my wife facing the South sky. We both noticed a 
dull bronze colored rectangle heading in a straight line from"
"Orange comet shaped fireball changing into just fireball rapidly climbing. 
Sighted near Bristol Motor Speedway."
Bright disk-shaped object in the sky
"I have never reported a sighting before so please forgive missing details. 
I was walking home Sunday morning around 1100hrs in northwes"
"The unidentified objects seem to have a black bottom, white top in color. 
There were 15 to 25 traveling upward in a helix pattern"
Lights in sky I thought it was a shooting star
Houston, TX, sighting of strange lights and power/signal outage.
"Mysterious bright large, bright light the. Disappeared and smaller ones 
appeared and disappeared."
Strange orange light flew overhead.
Red green and white pulsating lights hovering and various altitudes.
"A group of red lights flying across the sky, rising from the horizon one at 
a time,increasing in altitude and disappearing out of view."
Large, hexagonal craft accompanied by a much smaller craft tailing it.
"I just walked out side on this beautiful clear night with stars but no 
moon. Noticed a dancing light in the sky due EAST .. The shape a"
Falling ball of fire out of the clear night sky
"Watching the stars through binoculars. Black,silent chevron, triangle flew 
into my vision. It went north to south. The underside of it"
"((HOAX??)) 3 fireball ufos seen above Elmont, Long Island. ((anonymous 
report))"
"flashing lights above northeast Wisconsin. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect a 
"twinkling" star. PD))"
Orange lights moving up down east and west. Then met up to form a circle.
Flying fireball
"Saw a flickering light that changed colors (white, red, green, blue). It 
stayed in the same general area, but would zig zag and dart oc"
Group of shape forming lighted objects in sky
red, green and yellow fireball over Irvine/Newport Beach area tonight
"We were watching a movie at the drive in when I got bored and started star 
gazing. I noticed an object moving across the sky. It was li"
Quick flash reflecting in parking lot, no sound or lightning.
Three large bright lights hovering for 2-3 minutes.
((NUFORC Note: No information provided by witness. PD))
Royal blue blinking lights in formation across North Dallas sky.
"Bright greenish orb with reddish tail fell at 45 degree angle over West San 
Jose."
"Bright blue flying saucer near Stephenville, TX, with a small plane 
following it."
"@ approximately 8:30 PM when I noticed a large aircraft about the size of a 
small sedan hovering just above nearby trees."
Three orange glows appeared in the sky in Havre de Grace, MD
Bright white orb of light lasting several minutes.
Long blimp like shaped ufo.
Bright orange lights in sky flying east to west.
5 orange lights flying in formation in the sky.
Disc object southwest of Glenrock, Wy.
Bright blue light hovering over Tampa.
"7 objects appearing to be fire going over phoenix az sky at around 730 pm 
on oct.1 2016"
"The sky was lit but the sun was down. You could see the perfect outline of 
a triangle, no lights on , perhaps 50-75ft from the ground."
"Me and my father were watching the space station on 10/1/2016. I walk into 
the house as my dad calls me out to see this burning ball th"
"Cylindrical silver craft, no lights, no sound, stationary, grew super 
bright, then dimmed and disappeared."
"Three solid lights with no other blinking lights or sound covering a angle 
of sight of pi/2 for the duration of the event"
Triangle craft above Orlando, emitting an energy beam underneath it.
"Was laying in bed thought I heard fireworks then all of a sudden louder 
noise tree rumbling and sounded like something ran across the t"
Green flash in Geneva, NY. ((anonymous report))
6 Orange orbs in the sky in Lemitar.
"A bright round circular red orange light went straight up the mountain side 
hovered around dipped and went back up to dip again and d"
"A bright color changing light in night sky. Flying at high speed, in all 
directions. ((anonymous report)) ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
Blinking light in the sky with unusual movements.
"I saw 9 objects flying in the sky,they were changing shapes and then they 
disappear in the sky. ((anonymous report))"
"I was outside at work, and there were 3 lights in the sky going North to 
South...started in a straight line, then separated with the ce"
Odd lights in south Minneapolis.
Flowing lights over Naples.
Weird humming noise in the middle of the night.
"While walking at Ala Moana Beach park, other evening. We observed A bright 
reddish object floating and drifting in the skies, out ove"
spinning sphere with colors and more details closeup 42x zoom
Orange circle moving quickly...
7-9 glowing white lights in arrow formation flying east to west fast and low
Bright Light drifting across sky turns reddish and disappears in heavens
"Oxnard, CA, Bright white lighted craft flies in from Pacific ocean and 
flies back out to ocean 3 seperate times changing colors"
White orb.
"I saw a boomerang shape ufo that had no sound and camouflage into the sky. 
I could only see the outline"
"((NUFORC Note: No information provided by source, who elects to remain 
anonymous. PD))"
Saw small bright blue strobe traveling at a fast rate South of Manns Creek
"3 orbs dancing/chasing each other in circles in Sanborn, NY. ((anonymous 
report))"
"I was on my break for work. I noticed that the sky looked like it drop to 
the earth because the stars were so close."
"As we were walking from our RV to the house I noticed a bright light. I 
thought it was a shooting star at first, as it was a perfect fa"
Southern sky lit up in bright flash.
White light ball moving south to north, then up.
"Bright neutral white light seen travelling several miles across Fresno 
until fading out. ((anonymous report))"
"Cylinder with bi-plane type wings or appendages, reflected setting sun in a 
brilliant golden color."
"Daytime (sunset) sighting of an object that looked similar to a space 
station."
"Black dot moving fast on a sunny day that disappeared behind clouds on 
9/29/16 at 11:45 am. Duration was 3-5 seconds."
A rectangular object of light, very small and fast captured on video.
"Was looking towards the Orion belt night sky and saw flashing lights . I 
thought no big deal an airplane but no the flashing light did"
"We saw flashing objects in the sky having an oval shape and also one with 
other flashing lights forming a triangle."
I saw a MASSIVE white object fall from the sky.
"Triangular moved N to S a slow slow steady speed very dim lights that could 
be mistaken for stars at a distance ((anonymous report))"
"The object was flying S to N in a linear direction. No beacon lights and it 
disappeared in the atmosphere. ((anonymous report))"
"Triangle-shaped object with lights emitting in each corner of the object 
flies overhead."
"I looked up and gasped, as I saw three lights on three corners forming a 
triangle. ((anonymous report))"
"Bright flashing, shimmering, unmoving and color changing light seen for 15 
minutes."
"Approximately 20:44 on Wednesday 9/28/2016 one object observed moving from 
Approximately 224° SW toward 44° NE moving too slow to be a"
"While in our backyard relaxing on the patio my girlfriend and I saw a round 
bright light heading from west to east at a moderate elevat"
"We saw a bright light traveling E to west, at a moderate speed and 
elevation that lasted up to 2 min"
"The object was flying South, about as high as an airplane but looked 
different enough from a plane that it caught our eye and we contin"
it was broad daylight!
"I saw a blue and white flash of light that quickly fell to the earth while 
I was driving home from school."
Metallic sphere sitting motionless with sudden disappearance.
Dimly lit, gray, fast moving object.
Orange reddish object and white lights observed for 45 minutes.
"I was heading south on Baird Road. I was right in front of the library on 
that road, I looked up saw a bright white rectangle hoverin"
"Two members of her family had seen two strange lights over Fairchild 
Airforce Base."
"Formation of 3 reddish/orange colored lights flew over my house in a 
triangular formation. ((anonymous report))"
"A very bright light in the sky which I first assumed to be a star. Stayed 
stationary for along time, then moved rapidly to the west."
"Bright light expanded and then contracted to a pinprick of light before 
disappearing"
Flashes of Light
Two glowing objects come out of the clouds in the night sky of El Monte, CA.
"Seen by 2 people in Missoula, Montana, at approximately 23:50 there where 3 
fireball looking crafts hovering with no sound."
"Above a house, stood stationary rapidly traveled westward. ((anonymous 
report))"
"At 8:15 p.m. I saw a circular object with 5 bright white lights coming 
Southeast going Northwest it made no sound and was flying very l"
"We were headed east on Sexton Mountain Drive and I see this unusual 
light/object flying in the sky. I tell my husband to pull over, gra"
"In Nj on 287 north between exits 8 and 13. We saw 4 round shape object In a 
diagonal formation. We witnessed it for about 20 minutes d"
"We saw a small white circular object travel east to west, stop and hover, 
then move upward out of sight."
Round, Shiny, almost transparent, still object in the sky, facing West
"While driving, I noticed a large disc shaped metallic object in the sky 
above Monterey Bay. The metal was shiny and reflective."
Triangle shaped aircrafts with no sound bright lights. ((anonymous report))
4 lights in elongated diamond shape. ((anonymous report))
moving light in the sky
Huge solided red light in the sky. ((anonymous report))
"I woke up to smoke a cigarette outside double tree hotel balcony that faces 
pga blvd when I saw a light flickering underneath a lamp po"
"Bright light was stationary in the sky and then took off at an incredible 
speed before it disappeared completely. ((anonymous report))"
"3-15 lights with iridescent (rainbow-colored) tails coiling and whipping 
from glowing center into 'symbol' like shapes."
"9/27/16 1:30 am & 10/6/16 11:00 pm North Pole AK Unknown 15-20 Big Bright 
Star 10/7/16. ((anonymous report))"
"At 1:15 am my husband and I were sitting on our porch and saw a fire ball 
appear from the south very low lower than most air planes it"
"I was stopped at a red light and noticed bright lights in the sky. I took 
more notice when the objects in sky began to multiply and glo"
"11-12 orange colored triangular objects sighted for about 2 minutes around 
midnight in Orange Park, Fl. On Sept. 26, 2016"
Cargo fleet through Buffalo, NY, 14204 near Canadian border.
"Extremely fast (hypersonic+) aircraft (UFO) captured on Live TV over 
Providence, RI....Please Help me ID this thing."
"During the dallas cowboy football game on tv a camera pointed at the dallas 
skyline picked up an object of light moving from rt to left"
Red spherical light near Bull River. ((anonymous report))
Large triangular object with blue/white, green and orange lights
Jet with landing lights traveling sideways. ((anonymous report))
"Sitting at a traffic light on the way home from work. Sky was dark due to 
pending storm. There is an area of light break in the sky a"
Glowing orb hovers in southern Utah for over four hours.
Small slow moving object that glowed bright white
Triangle shaped 3 bright lights moving slowly
FLOATING WHITE OBJECTS ABOVE MT.DIABLO FOOTHILLS IN CA
Star-like object trailing plane, followed by silver-whitish gray pill object
"Bright white circle, high speed travel and large rapid U-turns. ((anonymous 
report))"
"I was standing in a maintenance yard using nvg goggles looking up to the 
sky noticed 8 objects overhead. ((anonymous report))"
"Impossably fast moving light following plane and evading persuit. 
((anonymous report))"
"Similar to shooting star, bright green and left trails like smoke clouds. 
No noise cloud level so kinda close."
"Just arrived for a delivery to a store and waiting for the door to open 
looking up and saw a triangle shape with 3 red lights then abou"
Bright silent orb movng a extreme speed over Bellingham.
"Around 11:46 PM when I was staring up in the sky and noticed 2 circle li 
((anonymous report))"
"I was sitting on the deck with family and unidentified avian crafts became 
visible. Hovering over cities."
"I was on my balcony around 22:15 this evening when looked up at the sky and 
saw this rectangular shaped object with bright red lights a"
"Reston, VA, at ~21:30z: Extremely fast multi-colored object moving at the 
trajectory of a passenger plane for 2 sec and disappearing."
"I was sitting out side and looked to the west and saw a massive light in 
the sky it was red,blue and white it stayed in one place for 2"
Flickering light high in the sky with smooth drone-like movements.
"Triangle shaped object with white lights on the three tips seen moving 
south to north"
Saw triangle shaped craft with some kind of cloaking.
"I saw another post for this same event - I too, saw a bright white flash 
like a ball come down from the sky. It looked as if it went in"
"It seemed to be at least 50 objects that were vertical and then the went 
horizontal with one object brighter than all the others."
"Large formation of lights in the sky at night at a pretty high altitude 
without any noise."
"Strange lights formation in a streak in the sky above Rocklin Ca. To many 
to be drones."
"Orange orb with white satellites appear and disappear in a clear daytime 
sky. ((anonymous report))"
Four objects noticed way up in the sky. ((anonymous report))
Shiny Oval Shape UFO sighting in East Brunswick, NJ on Sept 25, 2016.
"Saw a triangle/chevron shape black and red craft flying over the clouds at 
a high rate of speed to the south"
Strange rotating debris and triangular vessell above Brandywine
"Strange sounds were heard from outside. A sound ringing pitch,and a 
crunching aluminum sound. Then a humming rang inside my head and I"
((HOAX??)) Boomerang style craft. ((anonymous report))
"Bright, white, even flash illuminated entire night sky for an instant. 
((anonymous report))"
Tight knit formation of 5 yellow lights that disappeared.
"As i was driving I saw two circular orange flying lights.They were side by 
side with a distance between them.I didn't hear any sound. I"
"Two triangle shapes making no sound flew overhead with just the light from 
the moon reflecting off them. They traveled at a rate of spe"
"I witnessed a small orange light coming towards my location at the UDF on 
River Road and Anderson Ferry. It was coming north from Kentu"
"Three very bright lights in triangle formation moving slowly across sky, 
slightly rotating in formation"
"I saw 4 amber glowing disk shaped objects very low to the ground over 
Merriman Valley. I was driving so it was difficult to watch. Very"
"4 yellow lights in the sky. Perfectly spaced apart flying horizontal. No 
sound. Then 2 more followed but one at a time."
"Green light followed by what appeared to be hovering object with blinking 
lights above Niagara Falls, NY. ((anonymous report))"
Three bright red lights in SE 9.24.2016.
"At 928 pm friend and I talking about me seeing a red triangle shaped ufo 
just a week ago then see 6-8red orbs little bigger than Mars w"
"I saw a bright orange light in the sky that hovered over my neighbors house 
and then moved slowly as far as I could see until out of si"
"Macungie, PA-8 staggered red lights in sky traveling slowly W to S over 
South Mountain at 9 PM 9/24/16."
"My uncle went outside to smoke a cigarette and he happened to spot the 
formation of the orange lights. They flickered as they gliding t"
"Large rectangular formation of lights visible over farm house that 
disappeared and then reappeared, moving slowly and silently."
"Sighting of a 'V' shaped craft approximately 200 feet across, traveling 
very fast at about 2,000, with no lights and no sound."
Two very bright, star-like objects side by side at an angle.
My wife and I saw a reddish-yellow, pulsing light in the night sky.
Bright diagonal lights, slowly dim away. ((anonymous report))
Box and kite like object in fixed position. ((anonymous report))
"Outside about 7;30 pm on sat 9/24/16 cleaning and doing maintenance work at 
my auto repair shop in phila when I look up, its now dusk,"
Flashing lights in triangle form above I-80 in Oakland.
UFO Hovers and departs over Burlington International Airport (BTV).
"Blurry, white oval craft and trailing red lights over Rogers (SkyDome) 
Centre, Toronto"
Two objects in the sky over the fountain valley high school.
"My wife and I saw something very strange in the sky...a craft that had 2 
rows of parallel lights. ((anonymous report))"
Hovering rod and 3 moving orbs over Silverlake, Los Angeles
A bright light in the sky!
"White egg shape object high speed at (jet speed or faster) high altitude 
with no sound or lights ((anonymous report))"
"Driving on 690, two flashing red/white/blue lights north towards fulton and 
south towards syracuse then vanished."
"Early morning, bright red, morphing object hovers above the ocean, growing 
in strength and disappears"
Orange flying ball with shapes of light spinning around it.
"At first we saw a line of flashing lights in the sky, then they just 
started to move faster and changed into different shapes. It was h"
"Similar to 3/14/15 at 20:00 in Lilburn, GA, I also saw about 15 very bright 
orange lights shaped like fireballs. ((anonymous report))"
Silent orange orbs fly very low and disappear.
Big orange circle vanishes.
"It was travailing due south at Aprox 2500 ft I was located 5 mi. in from 
the Gulf of Mexico and I was looking west."
"VA Beach shore drive. Cigar-shape 8' off ground yellow lights. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Went out from indoor soccer arena. All my teammates were already gone. I 
headed out to the parking lot and saw exactly 30 bright yellow"
"I was at work when I stepped outside to do a security check of the building 
I'm responsible for. A light was seen to the South and was"
Strange Lights over Frenchman Mountain Range in Las Vegas.
Multi-colored flying objects that were not noisy.
"One bright green light (similar to traffic light green) moving straight 
downwards at a fast, but controlled rate of speed. No contrails"
"I just know something hovered by tonight over the top of our car that I 
cannot fully explain and unidentified."
Hovering ball of light shaped like a trapezoid.
Slow moving orb over Portland oregon
Triangle shaped UFO in the sky moving around! ((anonymous report))
"Multiple Amber-Red lights over South Boston heading North over Boston-Logan 
International Airport."
Red flashing object.
Large round light falls from sky then is later seen standing still.
Lights over Niagara River.
Fast moving green light.
"Star gazing while waiting on my dog. Size of a star, moving slower than a 
plane, no noise, could see blatant small reflection from the"
"There has been an object hovering outside of our home for almost an hour 
now. It moves zigzag and in a circle while changing pattern an"
Unusual Aircraft flies low over Columbia SC
"Strange lights in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. ((NUFORC Note: Sighting of the 
star, Sirius. PD))"
Low, loud rumble.
Green oval shape shoot across the sky and then disappeared.
glowing green orb of light that shot across the sky and dissapeared
"I saw large green shooting star/fireball. It had a long green tail. It was 
going really fast, from east to west, from high to low. I"
Emerald green fireball shooting across sky
Green oval flying through the sky
"SIGHTING #3: Bright white pulse of light, quickly diminishing to star 
intensity, moving."
"SIGHTING #2: Bluish cross-shaped UFO followed by large conventional 
aircraft."
"SIGHTING #1: Three reddish lights in formation, two bobbing around in front 
of the the third."
"I was traveling home, east bound i90 to north bend, WA. I began to see 
extremely bright flashes lighting up the sky every 3-5 minutes o"
"Security camera facing south recorded a brief very bright pinkish flash in 
the entire sky."
"I saw a star like object appear as bright as Venus for about 4-5 seconds 
and gradually disappear."
Bright blue ball of light! ((anonymous report))
"2 diamond shaped orange green an yellow lights one SW from my location the 
other in W. ((NUFORC Note: Stars? PD))"
"Large bright light near Arcturus in the sky visibly as bright as sun. 
Followed by a massive ball of light. ((anonymous report))"
"Three fireball objects seen by witnesses fading in and out of view over the 
ocean."
"Three fireball objects seen by witnesses fading in and out of view over the 
ocean. Location was off the coast from Newport Beach, CA."
Triangular blinking lights in the sky.
Fireball observed north of Tea, SD.
Strange craft and flight pattern seen in Springtown Texas night sky.
UFO Flying thr whole street of Cicero above traffic as high as planes fly.
"Approximately 21:04 on Tuesday 9/20/2016 two objects were observed 
approximately 224° southwest at approximately +38° the 2 silver whit"
Kite formation, including tail, traveled S to N along Wasatch over Red Butte
"White, red, and emerald green blinking lights. A motor can be heard and it 
hovered for over 30 minutes then headed south, east towards"
"My son and I were elk hunting in Area 39 when we were headed back to camp 
in my station wagon after hunting near the lake till dark. We"
"Red strange bright light in the sky traveling slow and stopping ((anonymous 
report))"
Constant speed lights moving NW on 9/20/16
"Another Freeland Light Sighting. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect the objects may 
have been stars. PD))"
"Bright stadium like lights across a very large long object moving across 
sky then vanished."
"Two objects standing still then circling, one disappeared then the forest 
lit up far in the distance no blinking ligh resembled firebal"
Bright Green sphere moving slowly west Amherst (Bailey ave.), Tonawanda.
4 bright goldish lights stationary-moving randomly then disappearing
"I was shooting the cloud of sunset by using my iPhone and iPad , finally I 
found it in my images. And it is pretty clear, bright,, yell"
Black Craft Followed by Two Jets
Daytime UFO sighting near Oakville, ON, Canada.
White, unmoving object high in sky.
"I was laying in bed. I saw some weird craft hovering very low above ground. 
It was chevron/ square shaped. Had 4 lights. Moved very fas"
"There is a round object. Green and red in color or more colors in the night 
sky. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
"I live in the northeast part of Columbus. I saw a bright light in the 
distance and it slowly came closer, I think it was moving about 2"
"One multicolored floating sparkplug gave birth to 6 soft white, un flapping 
birds in a half moon line sped across the early morning sky"
"Twinkling light with "shooting star" through its center. (could be 
natural/explained) ((anonymous report))"
"I noticed this bright star to the southeast of my house. It was a bright, 
rotating. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect a star. PD))"
"I watched a well defined oval craft, non-reflective gray metallic surface, 
no fixed or blinking lights just blue halo fly low over Gila"
"Green light suddenly appeared low on the horizon. Moved like a shooting 
star. Because of the green color, I initially thought it was an"
"Several white lights along with one orange light 5 nights in a row. Made 
impossible movements with quick moving and sudden stops."
"Very large ball/triangle of light that was blue/green appeared in night sky 
and flew for a quick 3-6 seconds. ((anonymous report))"
Light Object.
"Boomerang formation giving off a trail of light like a comet. Two aircraft 
were in the air at the same time."
Blue light object traveling like a flash light disappeared in to clouds.
"Fast, erratic blinking lights, stalled in the sky then continued and 
returned to same spot."
"Redish orange in illumination, appeared to hover, no sound, appears to move 
slightly, warmer than usual breez"
"Out for a walk to the store, walking toward the northwest on the south side 
of town, I first noticed it over the treeline as very red."
Two saucer shaped clear images at 31 26 14N 108 58 32 W
"Very large ,silent,triangle shaped craft with 1 large bright red light on 
right wing and smaller pinkish white light on left wing.white"
Bright Red UFO Spotted Over Perris, CA 9/19/16
"San Diego, CA 9/19/16 3:32 am I heard noise like a thunder clap and what 
sounded to be a low flying roar from an aircraft. I walked ou"
"Object moved south west from miserable Airport passing over mountain near 
German high school passing three aircraft moving East to west"
"Craft with multiple bright lights on the bottom hovered and flew in a 
curvilinear path over the cornfields. After several minutes movi"
Multiple Anomolies In An Ontario Town
"white light streaking across sky west to south/east, No sound, Fast, 
viewable for almost a minute"
"3 yellow, orange stationary speres at about six thousand feet moving west 
over Charleston."
Dozens of lights move slowly in unison, then ascend
Probably meteor fire behind.
"Observed bright orange light moving unlike a jet or prop plane that seemed 
to stop in midair, and jerk or rock slightly."
"Fireball over Colorado Springs, west to east, slows down, turns, and then 
moves north. ((anonymous report))"
Bright, metallic sphere surveilling Oklahoma City
Bright white shape seen close to a park.
"While driving on Route 22 in the U turn to drive towards Flemington I saw a 
white rectangular square, elongated object flying slightly"
((HOAX??)) Bright, radiating orb above Littleton.
"I was walking my dog outside and noticed 2 red lights side by side that 
looked like red eyes and underneath the 2 red lights was a brig"
"3 flying objects seen, no sound, no lights, crafts flying in a line 
formation, appeared to be gray-to tan in color, almost invisible ag"
"Huge super bright yellow circle, (not moon.) Never seen anything so huge 
bright and still in sky"
"Dark night sky about a dozen came low over the Long Island Sound then went 
higher in the sky as they moved from the northwest to the no"
"My 9 yr. old daughter and I were leaving her friend house we were inside 
the car when suddenly those flying objects like fire were in t"
"((NUFORC Note: Adv. Lights? PD)) Bright red lights were close; were doing 
circles, then suddenly disappeared. ((anonymous report))"
"Me and my family were driving in a car and I noticed 3 lights in a row. The 
second I saw it I knew something was weird and didn't take"
"3 odd moving diamond shape lights appear in Sky over Summerlin, NV on 
9/17/16"
"Dim looking star like object traveling much faster than a plane and very 
high up, changed direction quickly 3 times then vanished."
"White glowing circular object in the sky. not moving just sitting there for 
last hour or more. ((NUFORC Note: Balloon? PD))"
Shrinkage and turning red before vanishing.
"We noticed a bright spherical shaped orb in the sky south of town Durango 
Colorado. ((NUFORC Note: Balloon? PD))"
Unidentified flying object near Mt. Sneffels
Steady bright red light moving at high speed over Royal Lahaina Resort
Triangle silver object hovering 15-20 min
"I thought I saw an aircraft circling but it looked more like a thick mist 
it kept moving and changing....it looked close to the airport"
Hovering craft and lights over the Scera Shell
"Woke up, the power was out, steeped outside to second floor balcony.

to see if the power was out just in my apartment, or power was"
"White light that was still; only started to move 3 seconds after I started 
to record."
"Multiple reddish orange shimmering lights rose from behind a hill, moved 
west to east, and disappeared in the sky."
A bright orange light moving from South to North about the size of the moon
Orange orb.
Slow moving object with lights vanished
Orange orb.
"Large triangle shape change to a hamburger bun shaped. Red yellow green 
surrounding lights bright flashing.tiny white lit objects flew"
Flashing orange lights above the clouds in Texas.
"We were in our house when 3 bright orange flashes lit up the sky. Too fast 
to go out to see any objects."
"7 small objects appeared as birds then after 3 seconds they form 1 big 
object then Disappeared into the sky Fast very Fast"
Green light streaks through the night sky in Maine
"I saw a green light ball and dropped into nothing within seconds. 
((anonymous report))"
"Fast white dot. ((anonymous report)) ((NUFORC Note: Possible satellite in 
polar orbit?? PD))"
"I saw a faint chevron, echelon..? shape of faint lights cruising fast 
across the sky. But it was like a leading edge of a large echelon"
"Driving down Palm St. I seen a medium sized triangle hovering low above the 
tree line. The object had 2 red lights flashing on 2 of the"
"Thought it was a cool colored planet. Cyan/green. It wasn't moving. so I 
took out the telescope. In the scope I saw 2 lights. Then quic"
Strange Object Flying over California's northern valley.
"Seen a bright like gleeming pink or orange yellow plane shaped like thing 
ovee but far away and flying up and out ... twards atmosphere"
Cigar-shaped craft hovers then vanishes near Redding Muni Airport
Stranger Object Photographed.
Big Blue round light over the hill.
Black mass floating and traveling SouthEast in Belmont NC
"I woke to someone shuffling down the hallway and entered my bedroom. This 
"thing" was short, grey, skinny, big belly."
Rectangular light bar shaped object swooped down the hills in a flash.
"Stationary red circle to the north. After about 1 1/2 minutes began to move 
rapidly in different directions and then turned white befor"
"Higgens Street Bridge--steady fast, bright light, going from horizon to 
horizon"
2 amber lights over field outside of Canby, Oregon.
Orange lights appearing in sky.
Bluish-green spheres over Cape Cod
Comet-like craft moving northeast across sky.
"Huge sphere covered in bright lights just hovers over tree line before 
slowly descending. ((anonymous report))"
"Two white lights then turned into multi light triangle and made a opposite 
turn and dissolved into the night sky."
"Live about 25km west of Sundre, Alberta. Never seen a UFO or reported same, 
so this is a first. Walking down driveway, in a south ea"
Solid bright white light coming and going and a flash
"The objects were approximately 2 miles off the coast and I'd guess 5,000 
feet above the ocean. Two lighted up first next to each other"
Large spheres of light appear over Medina Lake
"Solid bright blue light going NW then eventually light diminished. Lasted 
20 seconds"
"3-4 objects shot across sky (west to east travel). Two red fireballs moving 
fast. Booms heard after 2nd fireball."
Bright white light, maybe a meteor.
"3 glowing fireball-type objects with trailing fireball, seen flying at dusk 
over east Baltimore, MD. ((anonymous report))"
"A yellow diamond shaped craft hovered over the main street near the traffic 
lights in Farmington Maine. As it descended around 50 ft, a"
2 triangle shaped flying objects with 3 lights on bottom.
"Watched circular object approach plane an flash it with a bright light and 
fly past it. A short time later a similar object."
"Metallic disc hovering over Rte. 3, 10 miles South of Boston, Ma on 
09.15.16 at 18:45"
"Driving home on I-20, see really bright silver light/object in sky, seems 
motionless, look for a few seconds at it, then its gone."
"Husband, neighbor and I watched a brightly lit sphere at the dusk line of 
the southwest skies of Gladwin sit still for several minutes"
Metallic donut-shaped disc UFO.
"I was walking with my father heading north. Just after 2pm, I heard a jet 
in the sky, i looked up and seen a privet jet and on its rig"
Bright orb over Knoxville, TN. 9/16/2016.
"Observed a very bright and sparkling "star" in the eastern morning sky of 
9/15/16, moving sporadically."
"My husband and I got up to smoke. I opened the living room window and I was 
looking at the Orion star constellation when I noticed a di"
"I have seen some of the most activity in the night sky than I’ve ever 
observed before in my life.

First it was black, shimmering bla"
Twinkling flying stars? ((anonymous report))
Circular red light with red orbs of light within it.
"Suddenly appearing red-orange light flares up large, then suddenly 
disappears"
"Traveling east to west space Gradually gaining speed and then disappeared 
to the west in a few seconds"
Large circular light spotted in airspace above Consol Energy Center
"Just above trees at the furthest of my field of view 1 diamond shaped light 
appeared fast and disappeared. ((anonymous report))"
"Bright red light appeared in different locations, bled into itself and then 
vanished."
"Standing outside smoking a cigarette at dark. Live in outer rural setting 
so very visible night sky. Just above the trees at the furth"
Amber color lights appear brighten & dim
"5 orange lights, blinking, over the lit up baseball field and then after 5 
min., faded until no longer visible ((anonymous report))"
"Stange green "thing"; shows up in series of photos. ((NUFORC Note: Possible 
lens flares? PD))"
Formation of bright round lights. ((anonymous report))
"Round white lights creating a large hex shaped object outline in night sky 
of the Triad suburbs."
"3 blue lights..strange engine sound above the 5fwy veered off to land and 
up. Not normal type of plane. Very very close to cars"
"Multi-color craft red green white lights seen in sky thru my binoculars for 
hours. ((NUFORC Note: Probably a star? PD))"
"We witnessed a cluster of blue lights blinking randomly and moving around 
sporadically for 3 minutes, then disappeared."
3 lights with aura no tail steaking torwards same location
Orange UFO lights seen in the night sky.
"Moving color changing lights in the night sky over forest. ((NUFORC Note: 
"Twinkling" stars?? PD))"
Pink star UFO hovering in the trees of Corinth, MS
Four lights split into two!
"Long check mark shaped object with bright red lights that would go out one 
at a time"
"A large orange glowing Fireball seem to proceed in an orderly fashion 
headed from west to east for about one and a half minutes. It co"
Flashing multi colored lights in the night sky.
Red fireball/orb in night over Lakewood JBLM 9/13/16
"Orange spheres appear near Medina Lake, blinking on and off for several 
minutes."
"Five orange-red lights over ocean that kept appearing and then 
disappearing. Would make a diagonal line, and would be spread out."
Caterpillar shape moving orange lights in the sky
Greenish fireball shooting over treetops. ((anonymous report))
"Green Blue and Red circular craft over West Portsmouth, Ohio right beside 
cellular tower 50 to 100 yards off the ground."
"First we saw a orange/gold light and then almost like a string of lights 
they appeared from left to right."
"What at first appeared to be a satellite shoots straight towards me at high 
speed, then reverses direction back to where it had been."
"What at first appeared to be a satellite shoots straight towards me at high 
speed, then reverses direction back to where it had been."
White and red horizontal lights hovering in sky.
Dark Shape Following Interest Airliner.
"To the north east i seen one orange dot split in to 2 then 3,4,5,6. Happend 
again.then in the south east did the same thing each lighg"
Large Bird Drone Seen Flying Over VIP Security Helicopters?
It looked like a star but cruised like a helicopter.
Baseball-sized Orange Orb Witnessed.
Cross shaped lights to the west of Mt. Greylock viewed from Vermont
"I thought it was a meteor, but it was going across the sky, not downward. 
Orange, big, quiet, fast. ((anonymous report))"
"A black disk 40 feet wide by 60 feet long with a tail, with three sets of 
bright white lights. Front lights would light then switch to"
"A white light turn into a streak of light then stopped and hover to us 
until 100 feet away."
"A large, bright, strange shaped object that moved fast, disappearing then 
reappearing three times."
"Orange/golden light hovered at orbital level for roughly 3 to 4 minutes. 
Then took off to the right very quickly then straight up."
"I saw a triangle shape object with lights on the points and 1 light in the 
middle hovered in sky for 15-20 mins. ((anonymous report))"
Disk shape object above tree line. ((anonymous report))
3 to 6 white flashing lights. ((anonymous report))
Red And Blue Orb Ufos.
"Red orange & white lights move low to ground from behind Reagan Butte in 
Emmett, Idaho, stops in mid air, back tracks a bit, then back."
"Giant bright amber lights in the sky. 2 then 3 in formation then formed 
into a tower of light while hovering in place. Brighter to dimm"
"Several lights in same area for extended period of time with unusual cloud 
formation present."
"Shaped like plane but silver and had very thin body, long thin wings, with 
T shaped tail that had a white light. ((anonymous report))"
"((HOAX??)) Fireball passes overhead, shiny disc appears and lands. 
((anonymous report))"
Silver object reflecting light.
It came out of the trees.
"Cylindrical-shaped object emitting flashing lights near South Fairfax 
Avenue."
Vague grey shapes fly from sun into tall clouds during the day.
((HOAX??)) Cigar shape moving steady east to west. ((anonymous report))
"730 am going to work in underground facility 2km under . Greenish orb came 
into view looked odd so took three pics very quickly I did n"
"Bright circle shape low. Not a plane.was there for about 3 min pulled over 
it was gone"
"White lights over Mississippi. ((NUFORC Note: Possibly a flying insect?? 
PD))"
"During a power blackout in Highland Creek about 3AM, a cluster of 4 lights 
at tree top level passed quickly. ((anonymous report))"
Strange white lights close to the ground
"This light appeared to be hovering over the Penokee Mountain range, near 
the same vicinity as the famous 1975 Baker Family UFO report."
Blindingly bright flash of light that zipped off into the sky noiselessly.
"Big bright white light with pulsating red-circle light in center crosses 
horizon going from West to East."
"Unusual shape. ..100 percent not a airplane. .. did not make noise...it 
glowed... went over our heads.... it also traveled fast all thr"
Never seen anything like this before
"Orange light turning red moving south to north, not an aircraft I am 
familiar with."
8-10 red orbs crossing the sky
Solid Ball light, decends then goes dark as leveling out heading due north
"Taking a smoke break in front of my house, was watching a satellite 
traveling east to west, looked in south/south east direction and im"
Ultra fast cylinder, se to nw.
"Light moving in random motions at approximately 30,000' - 50,000' for more 
than 2 hours."
"Husband and I and 2 of our children were waiting in line at drive thru 
restaurant. My 9 yr old said, "What are those bright lights?""
"Saw a helicopter chasing a orb across the sky at night. The orb looked like 
a star in the sky. Seemed like the helicopter and orb kept"
"Was brillant lights and shape like cigar and disc, 3 one step for few and 
flew quik, the others 2 same. ((anonymous report))"
Fast moving, bright shimmering rectangular object near Elma WA in daylight
Bronze colored cube. 400-700 feet in the air. Lower than the clouds.
Fireball in the sky.
"Three lights with one being green, if connected, one can form a triangle; 
also stood in place while the lights flashed in a pattern."
UFOs seen above Corning, Arkansas.
"I went to Savannah airport to pick up my friend for the weekend On our way 
home we were traveling toward hilton head island on route"
"UFO immobile then hovering the town of Jasper to disappear right over our 
car…"
"6"-8" diameter white ball of light seen by two people in car in Hilton 
Head, SC. Was ~3 feet from windshield."
Extremely bright ball of light traveling at a high rate of speed.
"The light was a perfect circle moving in a circular pattern above the 
clouds."
"Ring of lights spotted over Twin Cities in Minnesota. ((NUFORC Note: We 
suspect advertising lights from a casino. PD))"
3 different strobing lights. ((anonymous report))
Slow flying with three lights on two sides, one flashing and heading south
"3 yellow-ish/orange orbs that looked like oblong chunks plucked out of the 
sun, were seen moving across the Salem, OR, sky."
Triangle ufo in Madison, WI.
Large fireball type object shot straight downward, made sound.
Large cigar or triangle shaped fast moving object with 2 lights.
"Bright pink vertical cigar-shaped object observed in evening sky of 
Albuquerque to the west"
3 white sometimes sparkling &/orange objects together at 5pm!
Large gray sphere sphere slowly landing
"Telephoned report: Adult male reports witnessing a silver disc in the 
morning sky."
A white orb appeared in the sky, stationary for a bit, then disappeared.
Pulsating light in the cloudy eastern sky.
"Saw 1 triangular object pass overhead, silent, 1 white light on each corner 
with red pulsing light in the center. ((anonymous report))"
Hovering lights spotted over Fife, WA.
"A bright white light in the clouds that moved back and forth before 
disappearing."
Hovering craft, noisy. Fairly large.
"A large, oval bright white light in the W side of Albuquerque, NM was 
pretty low in the sky to be a star, possibly a planet."
Bright white light falling extremely fast from atmosphere to the ground
Elongated teardrop shape fell rapidly down the sky.
"Object was round, moving extremely fast and appeared to be on fire or 
reflecting surround environment (i.e sunset)."
"A cone/teardrop shaped object was on fire and fell from the sky across HWY 
70 in Durham, NC on 9/8/2016."
"Pulling in my driveway, my daughter pointed it out, super fast, crossed sky 
in a few seconds heading East. Appeared to be crashing to E"
"I seen a orange looking light, at a low altitude, moved extremely fast in 
the sky."
"2 round bright white spheres together side by side appeared to be free 
falling at a high rate of speed that looked like the back of a t"
Yellowish flashing at high speed, high altitude over Santa Clarita Ca
Triple metamorphosis.
"Something shiny flying above the mountains near Rt 140 in Nevada, south of 
Denio, around 4pm Pacific time on September 8, 2016"
Orange orb.
"Opposing, pulsating lights, begin to rotate, then turn into a solid ring of 
light then disappear."
Plane flying straight into space.
"I went outside to smoke a cigarette and just randomly looked up at the 
sky,I live in the country so just enjoying the piece an quite. A"
Orange oval light moving north then south
Bright orange light (maybe shape of prism) moving very fast.
3 flying objects resembling shooting stars, low flying at constant speed.
"Multi-colored lights red, orange and white lights hovering in wester night 
sky intensely bright , no sound"
"Perfect circle saucer with massive green, red, and blue lights flies right 
over my head on sleepy road at night. ((anonymous report))"
Falling star stopped then shot back up into sky.
"Black Triangle shape, 3 lights underneath and rear view of craft , one 
flashing light on forward flying front. Heading SW. Low flying,"
"Black triangle shape, 3 lights underneath and rear view of craft, one 
flashing light on forward flying front. Heading SW. Low."
"Lights on some sort of craft seen in the western sky from behind Submarine 
House"
Red blinking lights on the skyline at dusk.
"5 Orange Starburst Shaped Lights,steady illuminance, no shape change,moving 
in a direct vertical direction and then horizontal"
"A strange bright red light much bigger than a plane or satalite lit up 
hugely and bright then just dissapred into the night. It looked"
"Three very bright orb looking objects making those sounds very big very 
bright lights moving in circular directions above the ocean and"
3 orange lights in southern Illinois.
Bright Orange Light moving in many directions over 210 Fwy.
"Saw a decent sized traveling light floating quietly and slowly around 5 am 
on sep 7 2016 in chicago il.usa"
"It was however stationary with flashing lights of colors red green blue & 
white. ((NUFORC Note: Probably a star?? PD))"
Circular UFO above a wooded area and flashing several different colors.
"Disc shaped UFO with prismatic lights around its perimeter in sky for over 
an hour"
"Circular rotating solid light gets followed by solid red light, and at the 
same time a c130 takes off headed to same area."
"Multi-colored cluster of lights hovering in western sky viewed from 
Kingston, NY."
"GREEN AND RED FLASHING LIGHTS IN WESTERN SKY OVER VERMONT FROM EASTERN 
VERMONT."
"I saw 3 yellow lights in the shape of a triangle.But,it was not a spaceship 
so tosay but 3 separate objects forming a triangle."
((NUFORC Note: No information provided by source. PD))
"Red bright light hovering, seen from La Crescenta, and then dropping super 
fast."
"3 glowing white ufos with glowing white tails on each, seen flying at dusk 
over Dundalk Maryland."
Let's just made no sound and had no propulsion devices.
Let's just made no sound and had no propulsion devices.
"2 oblong discs flying close in proximity of each other. very bright white, 
fast, and soundless."
Unidentifiable craft moving at extreme speed over Tucson, AZ SEPT 6, 16
White balls in squadron, looking like birds migration.
"Red glow on the horizon. Thought a house/barn was on fire. Called husband 
(in law enforcement, working at the time). No fire reported."
"Tonight 3 large white blinking lights streak across the sky so fast just a 
matter of seconds it was out of sight ,no sound."
"At about 6:15 am 0n September 6 2016, i was out back my house facing east, 
It was very clear blue skies with only 1 cloud in the sky it"
Three triangle lights seen by my wife and me.
"Multi-colored Lights, NE sky, 60x Telescope ((NUFORC Note: Twinkling star?? 
PD))"
Large green light seen descending over Pasco, WA.
Lights dancing, some code, have video of both times, reach out if
"Perfect triangle craft with green-steady/yellow-steady/red flashing lights 
flying LOW and SLOW on Labor Day."
Orange Spheres dropping objects
"Crescent like object spotted and slowly disappeared twice at two different 
locations in the night sky."
Slow moving silent propulsion triangular shaped aircraft.
Silent slow flying triangular aircraft.
Silent slow flying triangular aircraft.
"A bright green light caught the corner of my eye and I turned and a large 
neon green orb fell out of the sky over interstate 95 and the"
"Large White Sphere in the sky - Moved up and away at a fast pace out of 
sight."
"White and orange lights that seemed to be intelligent/intelligently 
controlled followed us all night."
"Two blueish white lights seen in the day light, traveling fast, high, and 
silent, north east, in parallel formation."
Orange Light in sky changing shape and brightness lasting 40 min.
"Outside doing yard work at about 10:00 AM. My wife, son and myself noticed 
a light above our roof. This was looking south. We watched t"
Fast moving sphere moving very fast
"Multiple lights in a cross shape. Flashing in an alternating pattern for 
about 90 seconds until vanishing completely"
Dancing Lights Over Lake Simcoe.
"Bright white orbs in the trees, atop a hill,and partially silent yellowish 
orb with quieter jet-like sound."
"Intense, pulsating, humming sound heard in Greenbelt Park around 3AM, Labor 
Day morning."
"Lights in formation of triangle in southwest sky. Fading in and out but 
moving fast up and then down. One aircraft in area."
"Two objects with flashing multicolored lights tend to hover in the sky near 
my home every night at the same time frame."
Nine Flying Disc spotted in Taylorsville Utah 09/05/2016
"Three bright orange lights that made a perfect triangle - very large - 
moved to the East , no noise at all"
"3 triangle shaped lights,moving at a steady speed,north,then changing 
direction south and speeding away out of sight."
"3 red round large moving lights coming from east & moving west towards 
phila pa the disappeared"
"I saw four slow moving bright objects with bright red running through each 
one moving across the sky in pairs."
"We were driving down a country road on a clear night when we noticed 7 
bright orange lights flying in the same direction (slightly nort"
"One rectangle shape flying low with a red white and blue lights from Bremen 
across real low and turn toward Carrollton, GA."
Triangular object with white and red lights flying low, very quiet.
Fireballs over central TX.
9:00pm CST, 9/4/16, fireball-like objects observed over Elgin, IL.
"A craft composed of two parallel outside cylinders and made of highly 
reflective metal flew slowly past my home at 6000 feet."
"We saw approximately nine silver silent objects flying slowly across the 
sky. Each came separately In the same direction. The objects w"
"Strange irregular shaped object, possibly some kind of baloon, sending 
photo."
"Looked up towards western sky off of I-80 west by Winnemucca NV. Seen a 
bright silver oval longated object in sky. It was there for ab"
5 circular/cylindrical flying objects flying higher than planes
"I didnt even see it. I was just taking a picture of the storm coming in. I 
thought the sky looked cool seeing the sun behind the clouds"
"Stationary object, changed orange to white, at first thought it was a plane 
up high but it was not moving. figured it was a planet. But"
"I was driving down I-25 about 20 miles south of Buffalo. I witnessed a 5 ft 
black, tulip shape craft hovering about 30 ft off the grou"
"White beam of light shot up from ground to tree height forming a circle of 
white light in Portage Wisconsin."
Sept. 4 2016, a bright white light streaks over Northbook from west to east
Looks like a failing star.
Fast meteor.
Wasn't a plane.
"Driving from Jackson on 195 all the way to exit 35 on 295 I saw three 
bright lights that made a diamond shape. They stayed constant"
"Fat disc shape. 3 lights. One light was red. I think other 2 were green and 
white. Went in different directions and hoovered."
"Just before midnight, my friend and I were walking home and the sky lit up 
behind us, we both turned to look by that time it was passin"
"At approx 11:55 pm, I observed in the western sky a large green fireball, 
with a strange oblong shape to it, traveling northward, at a"
"Bright Orange round shape, prominent,..came towrds our location, then 
totally clear night with stars."
"Just saw fiery orange shape go slowly across the sky in my back yard. 
@~11:25 in Madisonville, LA. ((anonymous report))"
"Around 11 PM, my family called to tell me there were strange red/orange 
lights in the sky. I went out and after a few minutes of waitin"
"Saw hovering lights of undefined shape flashing from red to green, yellow 
and blue in the western sky about 1:00 position"
"I was driving a big transit passenger bus southbound on Route 9 in a rural 
farm area with low lying corn fields and no bright street li"
Flying red flashing light with no sound heading from West to East
"More than 50 bright lights in the Northern sky moved slowly towards the 
east blinking and moving in all directions"
"For 3 minutes saw dark orange orb flying irregularly with no sound no 
blinking lights then vanished"
"Four to five glowing red lights slowly moving south while maintaining a 
triangle formation."
"Circular Flashing object in eastern sky, amber/fire orange in color. 
sighting lasted for aporoximately 3 minutes. Object was pulsing un"
Several UFOs buzz cruise ships in waters off Vancouver Island.
Two orange glowing crafts.
Blue lights in the sky traveling in formation
"Noticed 2 reddish-orange circles moving low in the sky. Too close to each 
other to be planes, silent. Seemed to flicker a bit (noticed"
Triangular light siting in the north east skies over Reno NV
"Objects were round, twice the size of a star, bright orangey color, there 
were about 15-20 of these things."
"Saw a strange object, changing from narrow to space ship form to narrow 
with an extremely bright white light during daylight hours."
Late afternoon sighting of four objects over Seattle seen from Bainbridge.
I think this was for my eyes only!
"I think I witnessed a UFO this morning in Hanceville, Al. I'm not from this 
area but I'm here working. I travel SR-31 south every morni"
Moderately bright rapid flashing light - multi-colored
Eight round lights over Pensacola for one hour.
"Massive triangular craft, two rapidly blinking white lights on either side, 
unblinking red light on tip, travelling slowly and silently"
"While sitting at the National Harbor on early Saturday morning around 2:00 
am while talking to my friend. I noticed something drop down"
"Two lights north of Las Vegas, hovering and eventually gliding until it 
disappeared."
White shaped craft.
"I was outside on my deck in my backyard to smoke a cigarette as I'd been 
unable to fall asleep. I usually recline in my seat and look"
"Circular object flashing red and green, mimicking a star. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible "twinkling" star?? PD))"
"Quiet comet like fireball with a long trail across the skyline at a 
downward angle fast moving went behind the trees lost sight"
Bright triangle shape with iridescent "panel" type tail.
"A group of changing color lights making random movements in the same 
general area of the NW sky. ((NUFORC Note: Stars?? PD))"
"4 lights in a row in the sky two nights in a row. Issues with electronics 
near these lights. Military craft present."
Giant Triangular UFO over Colorado Front Range 9-2-16
"Three lights in a triangle formation west towards Boulder. Took picture, 
went to get video recorder but all the lights were gone. These"
Circular object in sky with red and green lights pulsed
Triangle UFO.
Fireball hovering in the sky over my office
"Friday evening September 2nd. my wife and I drove In our driveway about 
9:20 p.m.. My wife got out of The car and looked up in the sky"
Were these stealth bombers or satellites or what the Hell were they?
"huge yellow/orange bright light immobile for 20 seconds, reversed and sped 
forward behind our house, made absoultly no sound and trave"
One set of white flashing aviation lights became to singulr flashing lights.
"One dull fast light caught my eye going west to east. I then saw another 
come from ground."
Star-like light traveling past the stars but much slower than a satellite
"Bright red "fireball" appeared to roll across the sky and disappeared over 
horizon"
"At dusk we saw a bright star just south of directly overhead. Was brighter 
than any other star or planet seen in night sky. As we were"
"Three possibly four travelling in formation. White lights. I have photos of 
the incident."
Strange lights over large plum of smoke.
"Loud buzzing/rumbling noise, nothing was seen in sky, wind was extreme 
during sound. ((anonymous report))"
"I wish I had watched the object longer and taken more shots - and seen 
where it went."
"Small blue dot traveling swiftly across sky. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flare?? 
PD))"
"The sun had a ring around it. It was interesting so I took 2 pictures of it 
seconds apart. As I look at the pictures,I notice a dot ins"
"Approx. 5:20 AM looking south saw a somewhat cylindrical blinking object at 
about 35 degrees above the horizon. Assumed it was a plane"
"I was out my back door smoking a cig before going to bed and I witnessed a 
light moving very fast frome east to west I think then what"
A possible ET abduction or experiment at bedroom during midnight hours.
"It was NW from my Greenfield home, and it was red, fluctuating to white, 
and moved sharply from behind a tree to above the tree 2x."
White orb over Stickney, Illinois.
"Object changes colors from red to blue to orange. zoomed in with cam and 
can clearly see something within aura. zipped across sky about"
"Shape changing red, white, green flashing light in western sky, near 
Brookfield, WI."
Strange lights in the sky!
Two red spheres with a yellow center following a path from north to south
Formation which quickly vanished
"Bright white light at low altitude moving extremely fast from SE to NW No 
sound. ((anonymous report))"
"Odd light above Cedar Rapids, Iowa. ((NUFORC Note: Probably the star, 
Sirius, in the SE sky, we suspect. PD))"
Single orange fireball travelling across sky.
Bright light West of Marshalltown, IA.
"Four unidentified moving flashing lights that hovered in place for several 
minutes. Terre Haute, Indiana"
Stationary yellow gold lights seen during extended long sighting
Strange meandering craft pulls near 180 before streaking exit
Fifteen minute sighting of unusual light formation north of Madison..
"We saw 3 triangle objects in the sky with Redish Orange Lights that hovered 
over the treeline and then disbursed into the sky."
"At 7:20pm I was in my backyard watering my garden in the city of pomona, 
ca. At 7:35pm i finish watering the garden and just stood arou"
"Bright flashing spherical light appearing in NW sky at dusk before any 
other stars , and disappears w/in the hr. No sound."
"Was standing outside with my boyfriend as it was about to storm. I was 
taking pictures of the sky and we thought something seemed kind"
"While out walking I saw slow moving bright objects that seemed to form 
shapes. After 10 min. they changed direction and disappeared"
"I stepped outside at about 1:38 and immediately noticed two stationary 
lights in the northeastern sky. I thought this very unusual, bec"
White/yellow glowing egg shaped object flying low south to north Holden, MA.
6 to 7 bright white lights on triangular craft - North Columbus
Red and blue color changing orb moving in all directions.
4 white glows in the cloud cover circling like sparrows within a 1/4 mile.
Once in a life time experience!!
"My girlfriend and I saw two lights hovering over the Tempe area. We were 
looking south to southwest."
"At around 9:40 pm went outside and saw two bright orange fireballs side by 
side heading towards south mountain. ((anonymous report))"
"Star like object moving up, down, all over, silently about 12 seconds just 
at dark on cloudy night in S.W.sky."
"Saw a stationary pattern, not moving and not making any noise for a minute 
until it slowly dimmed away."
Floating bright orb flashes then disappeared completely.
"Saw 3 red lights hovering in distance, about the height of typical 
aircraft. 3 red lights hovered in a triangular pattern, one by one,"
"Golden bars shaped like a sphere with a glowing light inside of it, gliding 
towards us."
"Bright flash that lasted around 3 sec. Then a smoke trail. Was traveling it 
a E dir. Smoke trail continued. ((NUFORC Note: Meteor?))"
"UFO seen hovering South East 4 to 6 miles from Simmons Air field near Fort 
Bragg. Roughly between 15000 to 20000 feet in altitude."
Orange light travels across sky then disappears.
I saw a dark silver circle shaped UFO for like 6 seconds flying very slow.
Craft just disappeared.
Saucer seen on I-26 and Ladson Rd.
White dot over Boulder, CO.
Multi-colored light seen to the west of Seabrook/Lobecco, SC.
"Looking up to the sky thought it was a shooting star; realized it was a 
very intense white light circle in shape.((anonymous report))"
Black triangle with white lights in corners.
"1 slowly moving aircraft gliding through tree line. When in full sight it 
had lights rotating around in a circle one being red."
Glowing orange rectangular object, slow moving and making no sound.
"We saw a ufo hovering for >1 hour; it never went in any dir. and was not a 
star, as we saw flashing red light. ((anonymous report))"
Shooting star stopped and hovered and was caught on video.
3 or 4 lights in a perfect triangle arrangement, to the west of Arlington.
2 Red lights flew over.
"5 orange-yellow lights near I-295 E of Buckman Bridge, moving slowly 
vertically and horizontally."
Orange pulsating orb above beach.
"These spheres are white like electic and appear about 8:25 pm for weeks now 
they stay stationary for up to 4 to 5 minutes than descend"
"Around 8:00 pm I noticed a low, but bright (slightly orange) light near the 
horizon, yet above the tree line. Somehow it got my attenti"
"We saw 3 objects in the sky 2 moving horizontally and one falling at an 
angle vertically."
"Black triangle craft with 8 - 10 yellowish-white lights on side/red 
underbelly lights/quietly hums past window."
"Two silver/white objects. Generally stationary but appeared to ascend 
occasionally."
"2 unidentified objects seen early morning in Davidson County, TN. ((NUFORC 
Not: Possible star?? PD))"
"Small flashing/blinking light in the sky moving in a circular/triangular 
form with red, white, and blue like lights."
"3 of us seen a white light heading Twards the mountain bobbing back and 
forth almost like it was confuse before it just disappeared."
"Imagine for a moment, as if the pattern of a tiger’s stripes was 
energetically oscillating at an extremely fast rate."
"It appeared as a quickly pulsating, oscillation with long, oval arch to 
each side, moving at the speed of a meteorite, but wasn't."
3 lights; blue green; straight line; moved vertically.
"Bright white light went back n forth in sky with 2 fighter jets flying next 
to each other following after it!"
Red, blue, and white silent hovering object over treeline.
"4 yellow/orange spheres moving slowly in sky. Three in a row in front. The 
other was a distance behind the middle one. No Sound."
White light seen hovering in sky.
"Initial object was very bright in the clear eastern sky with no other stars 
or commercial objects visible - bright white oval, football"
UFO over Petaluma on August 28, 2016, @ approximately 7:30 pm..
Metallic circle craft seen in sky.
"Middlesex NJ 8-10mins 2 3D objects turned into one white circle with a hole 
in the middle"
"Middlesex NJ 8-10mins 2 3D objects turned into one white circle with a hole 
in the middle"
"From one side of the sky to the other Out came a Gigantic almond shape 
blurry cloud at Mach speed right over me in city of Sylmar"
"Dark grey, nodular, triangular craft passed overhead above tree line and 
made absolutely no noise."
Strobe UFO. ((anonymous report))
Cross like object glowing the went in a split second over the sky.
"5 bright red orbs traveling west then slowed stopped and turned to the 
south and faded out."
6 glowing orbs floating silently just above the houses.
"((HOAX??)) Moving in a single line,moving in one direction. ((anonymous 
report))"
Bright light appears on highway with other drivers witnessing.
Three Flaming Balls Over Spencerport, NY
"Group of 5 solid amber/orange lights, traveling in an open formation from 
northwest to southeast. ((anonymous report))"
Lights in the sky at Jimmy Buffett Concert.
Rapid moving flash of light while taking movie of clouds.
Brilliant fireball traveled from east to west. ((anonymous report))
"Six red lights in a row, traveling SE near Hollister. ((anonymous 
report))((Report re-posted.))"
"South on I-94 Saturday , 08.27.16 at 8:45 pm irregular round shape 
initially and then unraveling before disappearing."
"We saw a very fast moving bright light moving to the east. After 
approximately 15 seconds...it just faded out. We had an aircraft vis"
"We currently are experiencing strange appearances in the sky : one blue 
light and another red light always almost close to each other a"
Fast fireball across sky.
"Large red sphere with protrusions from top and bottom traveling silently 
from East to West silently and the size of a grapefruit."
Seen same object twice since 07/22/16
Hovering in sky with no sound. ((NUFORC Note: Twinkling star? PD))
"((HOAX??)) My gf observed a very large bright light hovering in the sky 
much bigger than a star. ((anonymous report))"
"It was triangular in shape it looked like several spheres making connected 
making up the triangle. It had a weird glow to it, it was f"
"Three black rectangular objects, traveling in a line at low altitude with 
no sound or apparent means of propulsion."
"I live on the northside and at 8pm I notice that dark clouds and lightning 
began forming on the westside of town-my next destination. W"
"Intensely white round object moving over 4-lane highway in daylight and hit 
my car."
Sky suddenly dimmed during a lunchtime walk.
"White, pill shaped, silent, wingless aircraft glided from north to south 
across the horizon in full daylight."
Large yellow orb crossed the sky twice heading east.
Extremely bright light grew faint and stopped.
"Two fiery deep orange oval-ish shapes erratically flying from north heading 
southbound against local flight patterns, then disappearing"
Red round light bouncing around the sky quickly
Golden glowing, flame like orb in night sky.
Lights in the sky in Kennesaw.
"Two groups of orange diamond shaped lights moving very slowly (7 total 
diamonds) independently of each other and gone within 3 mins."
"At around 4:15 p.m.,as I was waiting to pick my child up from basketball 
practice, I noticed a small silver circular object in the sky."
"Yesterday afternoon at approximately 2:00pm my 7 year old son noticed a 
beam of light that appeared to be coming from the sky into our"
"At first appearance we thought it was a star.

Noticed it was flashing, noticed color changing, Red white green blue, has 
stayed in s"
unexplained object that disappeared into the nite sky.
08/24/2016 large, silent, triangular object flew over farm.
"Third time I've seen this. This time strange because they were red at first 
than turned white toward Ft. Lewis."
"Shape changing square/diamond UFO with circle lights that changed color. 
Flying very low."
"In Pinon Flats in Great Sand Dunes. My friend and I were taking photos of 
the night sky. ((NUFORC Note: Insect in flight? PD))"
"Streak of light over Whitehall, NY, pauses then vanishes is a flash of 
light lasted just seconds."
"I just witnessed 2 fighter jets escorting what looked to be a huge dark 
thing. At first I thought it was an airplane."
Ufo maybe?
"Two white lights seen by two separate people 30 minutes apart in same 
location, central IL."
"At first I thought it was just someone playing with a drone because it was 
moving around all over the place, but it kept moving."
"Driving E. In the SE direction, I notice a bright white light that isn't 
moving."
3 rectangular UFO's, white, black, and grey.
"Bright stationary lights in the sky that looked like stars in bright day 
light."
"Driving towards San Jose area this morning and noticed small bright lit 
craft hovering in distance; area was hilly."
Partial CLOSE-UP picture of UFO over Oneida Lake, NY. 8/24/16 @ 6:31am
"I was leaving work on I-65 S, @ around government blv exit and saw this in 
the air for a few minutes."
Flashing circular objects moving.
"Huge cloud of smoke, with a bright flashing light changing from pink to 
purple at each flash. Appeared to be from a very large fire."
Bright flash of circler light over Green Mt..
"10:54 PM EST Seminole, FL. Leaving out home next to Seminole High School, 
we noticed an odd light arrangement in the sky."
"2 bright orange/red balls moving SSE to NNW (one after the other) across 
sky in approximately 10 seconds."
Fast straight down. Lights underneath. ((anonymous report))
"I saw 5 lights, in the shape of a "V," flying across the sky in Ocean City, 
MD."
"For ~2 mins., a low lying bright amber covered light hovered in the sky and 
disappeared without moving and in the area of a/c."
"On the night of Aug 23 at around 9 to 9:30pm I observed a group of about 20 
orange/red Lights traveling from west to east in the sky. T"
Star-like object disappears into clouds.
Lights in the sky.
"I-70/MM 90, I saw two low-flying triangular crafts. They were massive and 
appeared to be flat. ((NUFORC Note: B2 bombers. PD))"
"Triangular objects moving East within fast moving clouds at Comer's Rock 
campground, Grayson, VA"
"((HOAX??)) the of us had seen it on the right side above a neighbor's 
house. ((anonymous report))"
"Large green glowing spherical light traveling north at high rate of speed. 
No tail, no sound."
"Two red glowing lights, moving slowly southeastward, looking from central 
Ann Arbor."
"Flash of light falls from sky and disappears when it hits the ground. 
((anonymous report))"
"I saw two bright orange lights in the night that slowly glowed on , then 
slowly glowed off."
"Disk-shaped object with 3 pairs of lights appears in photo taken of planets 
in the night sky."
"Bright circle light being, followed by two helicopters. ((anonymous 
report))."
"Rectangular object with square lights on the same level, but randomly 
spaced on the lower surface."
Flat, agile.
"Looked up and saw a yellow/orange stationary light that was brighter than a 
shooting star slowly get brighter over about two seconds."
Pulsing bright light near sundown. ((anonymous report))
"One large orange ball crossed the sky above the horizon at apporximately 
8:15 on 8-22-16 in Montrose, CO."
Lights and entities in Northern Arizona.
Glowing object slowly moved across the sky near 8 PM.
"Driving on Kings Highway, my husband, daughter and I, saw something in the 
sky. It wasn't a plane, and there were 3 of them."
"Shape of a saucer. Moved quickly. Was only 1; grey. I'm a 29 yr old 
college-educated female. ((anonymous report))"
Sphere not moving than vanished in seconds.
Orange light in sky that makes explosion sounds.
"Slow moving bright light shoots pyrotechnic toward ground over rural 
Perris, Gavilan Hills."
"Bright white flashing and moving light that followed along side 2 
passengers in a car over 20 miles up above the tree line at night"
"Seen a glowing object, kind of at first looked triangular then turned into 
more of a fire ball look. Glowing."
((HOAX??)) Cool scary and weird.
Bright white light in night sky flashed, moved to the right, then faded out.
"Camping outside when a bright light in the sky flashed, moved to the right, 
then faded out."
4 triangular shaped craft in formation, no lights, no noise.
"My mom called me out from where I was inside the house, telling me to come 
quick. She said that my dad had seen something."
"Was driving mid morning and saw 6 spheres flying together and moving around 
each other. They were shiny and silver looking."
"Light in sky that looked like a star but just started to move left right 
all around it was not a star stars dont move"
Looked like a flying saucer.
"Five people watched three different colored lights move around the sky 
North of Wellington, Kansas."
Cant explain two red fireballs over Portland.
Large white spiraling light traveling at incredible speed.
35-50 white star-like lights, moving a cross sky, toward NSA building.
1 orb fading in and out, in the sky.
"My wife and I were in Chicago and we witnessed 8 orange/red/bright spheres 
slowly going overhead. I am ex Navy and stationed on the USS"
"Extremely bright white and red flashing lights outside, lighting up our 
bedroom."
Orange oval craft with no sound.
"My wife and I both saw three orange lights in the sky, moving in different 
directions, and making no sound."
Four fireball orbs visible over Pymatuning Lake.
Two craft pass slowly at low elevation, a few minutes apart.
Orange ball of light in the sky. ((anonymous report))
"Object appears, brightens then disappear in night sky. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible Iridium satellite? PD))"
"Unusual space craft making erratic movements(turns) in the evening 
sky(21:45) , Aug 20th.2016 over Southport, FL."
Seven low flying bright orange orbs flying north at 9:10PM.
Orange spheres moved across the sky in irregular patterns.
"10-12 yellow/orange fireballs moving in strange formation no sound and 
sequentially disappearing."
"One silvery looking cigar with smoke out the back going toward the water 
and north."
"UFO Sighting at LAX Intl. Airport near the Control Tower on August 20, 2016 
at 7:14 p.m. PST ((NUFORC Note: Bird in flight? PD))"
1/2 moon shape with lighted bottom, very large. ((anonymous report))
"Looked out my window at 5 am, saw a bright flashing coming from the UFO. It 
caught my attention when the flashes changed from blue."
"Walking at 330 am, looking up in the sky when a flash occur at high 
altitude similar to camera flash , looking for a couple minets it"
"We watched 4 ufo's flying around then hover changing colors from white to 
red. One went down as if shot down."
"2 of us saw, in the clouds, 2 bright lights seperate from each other. 
Clouds lit up."
"Small craft, blue flashing lights, hovered, spun around, shot straight up, 
beautiful blue lights."
"Bright planet shaped white light that travelled in the night sky that went 
out replaced with a much smaller red light a short distance"
"From my backyard in Fort Pierce/Lakewood Park we witnessed a fireball over 
the East Coast coming from N, heading S."
"The bright light did not have characteristics of an astroid and it decended 
like it was falling rather than streaking."
Two orange objects over Baltimore.
Black triangle, two white lights, one red blinking light.
"Saw UFO floating in air while driving home. My bf and his friend saw it, as 
well. I saw it from a distance and it did not move."
"UFO Fleet of bright green star-like orbs photographed while traveling 
across downtown Knoxville."
"After sunset, I saw an upright rectangular object ringed with lights and 
the center was inset like a doorway."
8-10 glowing orange red-ish orbs passing by as if migrating.
Silver ball darts across sky and disappears.
"A bright white light that seemed to go up and 10 minutes later a big 
blue/green fireball came from the exact place."
Silver oval object.
Circle in yard.
Green Fireball spotted over Pompano Beach in the Morning.
Fireball looking UFO hovered near us on beach
"I was looking at the sky and seen a bright light coming from this thing in 
the sky; it got brighter. ((anonymous report))"
"Silent fireball like object slowly flew across sky, then darted off to the 
east, like a shooting star, leaving our atmosphere."
What I thought was a meteor might have been something else.
2 flashing white lights; 1 not moving, the other moving in circle pattern.
"firey round object approached us and stop changing direction and color with 
no noise."
Large triangular craft seen over Rt. 30.
One very bright strobe ufo.
Zig-zag high speed lights like star or satellite.
Object with red lights made hard 90 degree turn without slowing down.
Circle aircraft, with three non-blinking lights, passed over very slowly.
Green, bright, ball falling from sky, Mesa, AZ.
Bright flashing light zig zagging across the sky. ((anonymous report))
Two fast, silent, red-orange triangles over St. Simons Island, Georgia.
"Orange orb, then 22 minutes later, a blue light that disappeared in <2 
seconds."
NEON GREEN STREAK OVER PICO FAIRFAX (L.A.), OVER FULL MOON.
"Over a 2 hour period we watched a bright light in the sky move SSE slowly. 
I watched about an hour of this and went to my neighbor bec"
Strange object, gliding over my town.
"((HOAX??)) No lights dark color thought it was a cloud not windy at all 
then it was gone. ((anonymous report))"
"Color changing light in the sky. ((NUFORC Note: Possible twinkling star?? 
PD))"
Multi-colored flashing lights over Louisiana.
Two red balls of fire rise into the sky...hover...and fly away from us.
"Giant projector screen between two flashing, multicolored, lights. SEEN BY 
MANY."
Triangular shaped formation.
Disappearing/reappearing dot in the sky, going down.
Blue light ball streaked across east sky. ((anonymous report))
"Constant bright star-like white light, heading away with no nav or landing 
lights. ((NUFORC Note: Sighting of ISS. PD))"
Oval object fades away into blue sky.
"Seen a shape of the same configuration of the fin ,microphone and silver or 
chrome in appearance.it stood motionless in front of some l"
"Seen 3 bright white lights on each corner of the craft.. Stationary; as big 
as half of our football stadium. ((anonymous report))"
Something falling out of the sky at full speed.
"I seen a round ball of orange light that shot up from the mountains up into 
the dark clouds then disappear. ((anonymous report))"
Unidentified craft circling my neighborhood.
Lights in the sky over Gaylord, MI.
Ball of light, flash, fast. ((anonymous report))
3 bright, red, blinking lights, flying low in the eastern sky, Hamlet, NC.
Thank you for reading this report and taking my claims seriously.
Metallic object viewed on video in sky above White Sands National Monument
"Traveling east on Hwy 234 toward Biglerville. I was cresting the top of a 
hill when I saw off in a distance, 2 bright oval shape lights"
Bright unidentifiable flying object that faded to blend in with the sky.
Cigar and slowly spinning triangle in daylight.
"Drive truck and was on phone with gf and I saw what I thought were 
fireworks, and realized they were moving in formation."
"Red circular object moving quickly, then stops and hovers over Providence, 
RI, changes colors and then disappears."
Ship flew away at high speed into stars and left a green/blue light glowing.
Red orb moving quickly, then stops multiple times over Providence, RI.
"Lighted Triangular Crafts sighted within minutes of each other HIGH 
OVERHEAD."
"I was on the roof of my apartment building eating a bag a potato chips 
around 2:45 am this morning. I was just absentmindedly looking u"
"8 of my co-workers and I where in the parking lot at quitting time Standing 
around talking when one of us noticed 7 lights streaking ac"
Diamond shaped objects hoving over highway in and near Memphis
"One round bright light, brighter than the moon, appearing from nowhere and 
descending rapidly straight down followed by two smaller bri"
"As I was laying in my bed around eleven O clock pm I strangely got The urge 
to go outside.I ignored the felling and layed back down I s"
V-formation of 8-9 crafts, flying north to south, in Northglenn, CO.
"Flashing fireball slowly moving over Mission Valley around 9:36 pm on 
Monday night 8/15/2016. Looked like the flash of fire wold repeat"
"Light traveling beneath the clouds without marker lights of regular 
aircraft. Light looked like like it was traveling in our dorection"
"Comet-like UFO's with shimmery tales over the ocean turning on and off. 
((anonymous report))"
"Round shaped object with no blinking lights, just white, first high in air, 
then lower instantly, moving across the sky, disappears."
Five white dots at gret height sped away at incredible speed.
"Bright orange light in the sky, appeared to be two separate lights when 
zoomed in. Both shaped in straight lines."
"Walking west on Washington blvd at Palawan way 6 orange lights were seen 
moving in out of a straight line. Then they formed a straight"
Fireball above Wassaic, NY.
"Spotted Triangle of lights above No Name Bay at Lake McConaughey in 
Ogallala NE"
"((HOAX??)) I saw four lights in the sky in a straight angled line. All 
difrent colors. I have pictures. ((anonymous report))"
"Red and orange light near Philadelphia international and the phillies 
stadium"
"Observed strange bluish light. North to south direction. Unknown altitude. 
Very Fast. Horizon to horizon in approx. two minutes."
Big black tranparent blib in sky.
No sound cigar shaped Was in cloud.
"Circular glowing craft, extremely fast. ((NUFORC Note: We believe that the 
object is a commercial airliner, above a contrail. PD))"
"Leaving Clark County fair; noticed an object flying at high speed going N. 
Tried to get video but I think I was to far away."
"Flickering round ball, following flight path of jets. ((semi-anonymous 
report))"
"Observed an object in the sky that flew fast, straight then 90 deggree turn 
qyickly, sped off."
"((HOAX??)) Riding bikes in the desert. We pulled off of a dirt road and 
went up into the woods a little ways. ((anonymous report))"
"((HOAX??)) About 1-2 weeks ago and I kept seeing this white huge orb going 
across our yard. ((anonymous report))"
"8/14/16 @ 1:56am. Orange glowing ball disappears, re appeared and 
disappears again in Vancouver sky. Total time 1min."
"They are bright almost like a star and you can see changing lights around 
them."
"Large triangle. Only objects visible could have been a formation or one 
large ship; occurring for wks. ((anonymous report))"
"Row of white lights, stationary, with possible black dome above. 
((anonymous report))"
"One craft seen in SE sky hovering over Red River. Moved--flashing lights 
for few sec., then went away 6-10 minutes."
"I walked out to my backyard and saw a very bright light that looked like a 
star but i noticed it was moving slow. Before my eyes the cr"
"My girlfriend noticed a bright star over one of the trees and pointed it 
out to me."
White light crosses sky, turns, then appears to hover before fading out.
"10-12 yellow/orange globes traveling N to S Kankakee Co.; disappeared 
quickly in S. ((anonymous report))"
"Bright single light that went from northwest to southeast. No aircraft 
flashing lights. ((NUFORC Note: Intl. Space Station. PD))"
Red/orange light seen east of Madison, WI.
Strange object in sky near Elkins, wv
Bright light that turned deep red.
Invisible flying saucer exhausts and top revealed by sunsent over miami
"Objects circling in sky, daytime, other adults saw crafts. Too high up and 
far away to attempt to photograph."
"Saucer-shaped chrome vessel, hovering near wind turbines in Elizabeth City, 
NC."
"Object 300 meters in the air, crossing the sky like a rocket opens the 
walls of earth and explodes into thin air leaving just a trial"
Blinking satellite type objects.
"Was watching the meteor shower from a field at the end of the road. ~ 4AM 
an object flew overhead which had 5 lights in a V formation."
"Flash of white/green light, moving very fast over the Susquehanna River. 
Suddenly disappears. No debris. ((anonymous report))"
Big, rectangular, flying object that changed direction.
"Large reddish orange craft moving SW at fast rate of speed. Heard roaring 
almost like engine. Noisy neighborhood though."
"Irradiating orange cylinder over the Mojave Desert during Perseid Meteor 
shower."
"From about 23:00 to 00:30 I saw two triangle shaped figures in the sky. The 
appearance of the UFOs were that they had three white light"
"Very, very bright led type light moving slowly west to east. High in the 
atmosphere."
Satellite not what it appears to be.
Saw a black saucer in the sky that started with being a red light
Bright red light in the sky moving ENE disappearing in mid flight.
Silent floating white orb over Lake Roesiger, WA.
Four red lights with two blinking green lighted object in sky
Small, still, V-shaped UFO.
"We thought it was a plane falling from the sky, but as it became closer to 
the ground we realized the bright lit red ball did not have"
Orange orb over the 60 freeway in Riverside, California.
Two oval shaped spheres travelling rapidly west over Tijeras Canyon
Bright white light blue hue.
"Enlarged image of a gray streak in photo shows a clear image of a flying 
saucer looking craft."
"Looking N over there army base Yakima, WA, there is four or five lights 
above the sky moving very slowly. ((anonymous report))"
Blue lights flying across the Albuquerque night sky every 5 mins around 12AM
"We see a bright object move by. It was very fast, then disappears. 
((anonymous report))"
Object in morning sky gets white bright and disappears
"We were sitting outside this morning getting ready to take the kids to 
school. And we looked up and seen a egg shaped form in the sky."
Grey chevron tracked east to west over Deltona, Fl.
"W on I-8, in AZ, E of Yuma at 4am. On my left, near an overpass, was a 
craft that looked to be size of car. ((anonymous report))"
"These 3 bright objects appeared and started moving higher up in the sky. 
((NUFORC Note: Possibly twinkling stars? PD))"
"Seen whole sky dim flashes that came in quick pairs several times during 
the night. None of them were seen at the same time as a meteo"
2 odd acting circle ufos almost searching in sky for something or someone.
Five lights moved in unison from NW to SE across the Tacoma sky at night.
"Fleet of slow moving, flashing, soft white lights. The light in the front 
was a huge circular lighted craft. The 4 small crafts behind"
"Went out to smoke a cigarette and saw a flash of blue light in the sky, it 
was like something just warped out. The blue light was compo"
"We began to observe a lot of unusual activity and bright lights on the 
mountains"
"Small light moving very erratically in all directions. Meteor shower was 
happening at the same time. ((anonymous report))"
"Observed Bizarre UFO Hovering over Trees-Lake- & then Flew right over our 
head while watching the meteor shower."
"((Daughter's report)) 3 lights connected by lines of light. Can't see stars 
though it. Moves in all directions."
Light Cluster west of Tulsa Suburd
"I saw blue lights and made different shapes it all so look like you can see 
a window or something wired about how the picture took it s"
"A large black triangle with three lights that hovered around us for over 2 
hours. A solid object that made no sound."
"Several lights in a V formation flew over head at a steady but slow pace, 
from N to S. ((anonymous report))"
Chevron-shaped craft seen during Perseid Meteor Shower
"Myself and 3 other friends seen a ufo coming across lake Michigan from 
Chicago area to Cherry beach. It was fast and silent. It stopped"
"Streaking blue light appeared like a crashing object near Table Rock 
Plateau. ((NUFORC Note: Possible meteor. PD))"
"I have had more then 20 sightings for the past year.This sighting that 
occured was the most frightening.I was looking out of my window"
Three (maybe four) flashing lights in the formation of a triangle!
"Look up at the sky to see a ball of green blue light dash quickly across 
and disappear. ((anonymous report))"
"I see a bright white light far ahead in the sky. At first I thought it was 
just a plane. ((anonymous report))"
Orange bright light in the sky. ((anonymous report))
Flying wing spotted over SeaTac Airport at night.
"A bright light moving zig-zag formation. Not like a satellite or airplane 
that moves straight. Then disappeared. ((anonymous report))"
Ball of light spotted over Oysterville, Washington.
Explained chevron ufo sightings on 08/11/2016.
"I seen two sets of flashing red and white lights coming towards each other. 
((anonymous report))"
"A bright white object that was stationaly slowly started to move.This 
looked about as bright as the north star."
Chopper was keeping pace with orbs.
Bright white light over Lawrenceville/North Georgia
"The brightest, largest light we have ever seen was moving near the ground 
from East to West at the speed of a jet, flashing every half"
Bright white light over Lawrenceville/North Georgia. ((anonymous report))
"My boyfriend and I saw two V-shaped objects flying slowly with no sound in 
Brooklyn, NY. ((anonymous report))"
Dark UFO moving slowly northbound on I-15
Bright object seen over the city of Appleton WI.
"Orange color oval with light on top and many lights on the bottom very 
distant through a telescope."
"Flashing bright white and red ring seen in sky above Sharon from highway. 
((anonymous report))"
"There were, in two separate locations in the sky bright flashes of light. 
Mostly range. There are a few oval shaped volts of rnong. Th"
"Saw a doughnut-shaped object that looked like the first star just before 
sunset. It turned color with the sunset, and did not move."
"Storm clouds. When I looked to the south behind the storm I could see a 
white egg-shaped craft; reflective."
"Large Square flying object constantly rotating while flying or hovering, 
with lights, and no sounds from it."
Bright lights over Clinton, TN.
"Silver lighted group of objects near top of Sweeney Ridge. Uncertain if 
they were joined, or separate. ((anonymous report))"
"Me & fiance noticed a bright light sitting for a long period of time as if 
it was a star. ((anonymous report. Star??))"
"It started when I woke up, as if I've never fallen asleep, to my dog and 
cat both growling with their hackles standing up."
"Midnight adventure car ride to the top of a mountain greeted by something 
beyond this earth?"
"I seen a triangle light changing gree to blue to white. See it strait to 
the N toward st louis. Video."
"Large UFO mistaken for airplane bright lights shines down went one 
direction and instantly went opposite direction w/o turning around."
"Round Red Orb formed into two orbs and hovered over me a minute I walked 
back in the house came out and they were gone but then they se"
"Two, separate bright red flashing simultaneously balls of light flying in 
formation very low in sky with no sound. Moving N-S, slowly."
Light in Sky Swirled (August 10th 2016). ((anonymous report))
"A mixture of excitement and sheer curiosity is the intent i am coming from 
let me say that first. my stance or perspective about my exp"
"Driving down the highway there was a big bright circular light, it would 
dim and get really bright again. Then it would break off into"
Colorful lights in the night sky.
"Layers of illuminating green light in the shape of a triangle moving very 
fast toward the ground. ((Meteor??))"
Circular Blue object appearing in the sky
Flashing stationary triangles which are not stars
"Very short siting of two bright lights, climbing straight up and 
disappearing."
"Looking out my back porch window after letting my dog outside, I noticed 2 
lights in the sky resembling a tear drop shape."
Dark Red Orb Slowly Moving Across Skyline.
"Very bright object shining like a star but in an oval shape, and moving 
extremely fast, without a smoke trail."
"Noticed a triangle object flying from Broomfield area to Boulder. 
((anonymous report))"
Invisible looking with fading out lights around rims of circle.
"I was getting of exit 19 off of 24 south heading into Avon when I saw a 
green fireball shooting down only a few hundred feet from the g"
"Bright flashing light too fast to be anything but a ufo following me in my 
truck."
Dim shape in night sky making incredible movements.
"I started investigating on my own starting the end of month July up to 
present day. Unless objects just disappeared for whatever reason"
"Saw what sounded like a helicopter, but looked so wrong once, and then two 
more times during a meteor shower."
"((HOAX??)) Odd blinking lights, 3 in a shape of a triangle, and one dull 
but bright orange sphere shaped light."
Orbiting object flares, separate flash appears, then object disappears.
Orange orb UFO's transform and possibly land on Detroit's westside
Triangular shaped cluster resembling Stars
Bright white orb.
Triangle aircraft with a bright red marker light blinking.
"Looking into the southeastern sky a cylinder shaped object became extremely 
bright and then became dim. About 5 seconds later one light"
"Lights in the sky east of Mississippi, can be seen from Jackson. A small 
light came down in the neighbors' front yard."
"Driving to work on I-580, saw a glowing craft moving along the coast of 
California. It was a bright greenish color, moved extreamly fas"
"Red flare-like object appeared 15-30 degrees above horizon. The object 
proceeded towards the horizon line at an extremely high speed. A"
"Yellow Orangish fireball observed over Emerald Isle, NC. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Multi-colored light moving sporadically across the sky. ((NUFORC Note: ISS 
was in N sky at 22:55 hrs.. PD))"
"((NUFORC Note: Witness does not provide any information about the sighting. 
PD))"
Glowing ball of light moved slowly across sky 8/9/16 in UFO in Sheridan, WY.
There are 3 lights in the DC sky that are stationary and forming a triangle.
"SAW A LARGE TRIANGULAR CRAFT AND OTHER SMALLER ROUND CRAFT IN THE SKY. 
LIKELY NOT OF THIS EARTH."
"Connecticut sighting - blunt triangle shaped craft cruises over dense 
suburban neighborhood at night."
"They just fly over head and disappear to the north parallel to the ocean. 
They look to be very high up. ((NUFORC Note: Aircraft. PD))"
Cigar-shaped object hovering over mountains East of Sandy, UT
"When looked at with the naked eye it looked like a circle, but very far 
away. Almost like a star during the day lit sky. Then when we u"
"Odd ship that changed shapes, then back to original round shape, possible 
lights on it."
Rotating circular object with antennae.
Bright floating tinfoil looking object.
At least 20 different colored shining objects in the sky that are moving.
"Bright white disk shaped object travelled along side of our vehicle for 
about 30 minutes."
"Object observed from flight from Las Vegas to Vancouver. ((NUFORC Note: 
Nice photo of approaching B2 bomber. PD))"
"UFO during sunrise. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flares, caused by pointing a camera 
toward the Sun. PD))"
White saucer shaped craft, with black tinted windows, and with no noise.
Bright green neon laser light.
Craft with orange lights moved north of me.
"A ball of light, followed by fire, went through the sky and stopped to 
blend in as a star."
((NUFORC Note: Witness provides no information. PD)) ((anonymous report))
"Watched an orange circular globe travel from east to west. It disappeared 
after it enters a high cloud."
"Looking North East. We see what we first thought was a plane. But it looked 
out of place. Only bright forward light. No blinking, red,"
Flying bright orbs that flew around in a tight area like firefilies
"2 orange lights ascended into the sky until no longer visible. ((anonymous 
report))"
Bright orange circle broad daylight. ((anonymous report))
"Two triangle UFOs were spotted, one followed a commercial plane for a few 
seconds."
"My girlfriend and I went up to the mountains to lay under the stars and 
look for stars, satellites, and meteors. We saw plenty of them."
Triangle shape, with 3 lights.
Straight Line of White Circular Lights Traveling W to E
"Craft over the city with two bright lights on the middle. It just sat there 
with out moving. It was as big as a blimp."
Orange orb flys over Bridgeport, CT.
"Appeared from nowhere in the east sky moving slowly south, then just 
disappeared."
((HOAX??)) Boy scout road UFO sighting.
"They looked like a hundreds of satellites drifting through the sky. 
Glittery blinking lights heading Northwest. Very strange. I can't s"
3 red lights moving in the sky over the trees
Fast, bright moving object in Northern Minnesota
"Looked like stars at first. Then stars where moving slow and low in the 
sky. There was no sound. We saw two lights joined. It was nothi"
Orange balls or boat shapes, silent slow, over 15.
Very Bright Lights over Mt. Lookout, WV.
"Right in the middle Vega and Arcturus was a bright circular light that 
looked like a planet but disappeared after only 20 minutes."
"About a dozen fireballs passing overhead in single file but irregularly 
spaced. ((anonymous report))"
Shiny daytime ufo over nampa idaho 08/06/2016
"Bright orb viewed in twilight and night sky over Meridian/Nampa, Idaho. 
((anonymous report))((NUFORC Note: Pilot report. PD))"
White cylinder.
"I saw a yellow orange light in the distance Thaught it might have been the 
moon but as we got to Ansonia it was HUGE"
"White stationary object remaining for >20 min and counting very very high 
in atmosphere. Changing shape from oval to angular."
"Saw UFO between a double-rainbow outside a restaurant. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible lens flare, we suspect. PD))"
White roundish object moving in sky.
"Huge black triangular UFO seen over Los Angeles, CA, at 11:30 AM, August 
06, 2016."
"Three bright lights in a perfect triangle position. Above Dayton Bluff area 
& east side of the St paul,MN"
"Basketball sized dull reddish orange Orb flew decidedly around tree tops 
and past my 3rd story apartment balcony."
"Single light with a slight halo moving across the sky like a satellite; 
continuously changed its speed. ((NUFORC Note: ISS. PD))"
"Moving small white star (International space station?) ((anonymous report)) 
((NUFORC Note: ISS @ 22:25 hrs.. PD))"
Bright red object seen in sky. ((anonymous report))
Three triangular shaped crafts with bright orange lights
"Green light pulsating vertically for about 15 minutes behind clouds, when 
clouds passed green light went into a ball and craft flew of"
"3 crafts spotted hovering for hours over Lenawee County. Red & white 
flashing lights approached quickly, then slowly rise into sky."
"When going through the pictures I had taken, I noticed a few pictures with 
an object in them."
2 lights combined to become one and dissapeared. ((anonymous report))
colored oval shaped light in the sky.
"Triangular blue aircraft seen leaving/darting from commercial airplane at 
night."
"Lights flashed for about 4 seconds then went away. About 2 minutes later it 
happened again but in a different pattern."
"Bright white object seen before sundown, larger than a star or planet, but 
disappeared by nightfall."
Two orange orbs being chased by a military craft.
"Very large, non-moving object northern sky at 340 deg.. It was like the 
largest non-twinkling star I've ever seen but it was too early."
BRIGHT LIGHT, LUDLOW, MA, EAST STREET.
"Metallic Pill Shaped UFO flys overhead at park near Wright Patterson Air 
Force Base."
Flying object outside of aircraft.
Green ball bouncing around in front of storm.
"((HOAX??)) In Rosedale MD.at 2:00 a.m looking up in the sky, I noticed a 
circle shaped object. ((anonymous report))"
"3 people outside there home witnessed 2 different types of unknown number 
of objects over Toney, AL."
"Five stationary bright red lights in northeast MA/southeast NH fading in 
then out."
Low craft hovering slowly over Hudson River.
I observed a triangle, lighted object hovering.
"Matrix of bright green lights with loud whirring noise moving slowly above 
Boy Scouts at Philmont Scout Ranch Elk Horn camp."
"Three bright white lights, and one blinking red light in the shape of a 
triangle."
"Late on 08/03/2016, I was walking to my car and as I shut the car door I 
noticed a bright orange/ red ball three to be exact.the"
Red light hovering in same place for several minutes.
"At 9:22 pm there was a straight line of 14 lights that I picked up on a 
deer camera. It appears to be positioned around 20-25'above."
"Bright White Light appeared in night sky, then got brighter, with a blue 
hue and appeared as if passing thru a light cloud layer."
"I felt very nauseated and anxious after the sighting with my witness. 
((anonymous report))"
"Dim moving light in the sky turned extremely bright and stopped for 20 
seconds, before going dim again and heading in a diff. dir.."
"The object was a large dark square or rectangle that had a smaller object 
slightly above and ahead that was reflective silver."
"Strange, white, glowing, moving lights where seen by at least 5 people 
during the day."
"Three white lights on top an one light on bottom a cluster of lights 
together not moving or flashing."
These were not US aircraft.
"orange ball of fire moving in all directions and complete stops, and 
restarts straits of mackinaw"
"Flashing green lights; they are shifting and moving irradically. No flight 
pattern is discernable. ((anonymous report))"
Red white and yellow lights, moving erratically. ((anonymous report))
"I witnessed a star-like light slowly moving across the night sky. Was 
traveling S to N."
Full moon-like orbs traveling high in the night sky. ((anonymous report))
2 UFOS OVER EAST AUSTIN.
"2 lighted ships over Centereach NY. One was lit with blue lights the other 
was lit in red lights"
Something strange.
Flashing/pulsing green light in northwest vegas sky.
"This looked like 2 lights that were about 3 inches apart if you were 
measuring from about 12 inches in front of your face. They were o"
"Two lights, one following the other until both disappeared, then one light 
at equal speed going the opposite direction."
This was not a plane or helecopter.
"my 6 yrs daughter saw a cone shape object with green and yellow lights 
flying above in daytime"
"Sitting on my porch with my significant other and saw a light appear from 
the sky and come down stay for a second and then go back up t"
"I looked into the sky tonight, because I saw a flashing light and what I 
saw amazed me. I saw what looked like a jetpack of some sort,"
"Odd, intermittent and slow strobing light. Strobing was random and bright 
white."
"I noticed a couple of lights out in the distance I couldn't tell what it 
is. ((anonymous report))"
"Strange lights hovering near the gateway arch. Fox2now.com has the video 
footage."
"Unusual light over the STL Arch; eyewitness reports the light to be about 
100 ft. above the top of the structure. ((anonymous report))"
"Witnessed three white lights in triangle formation move in the sky unlike 
any other "flying object.""
2 silver sphere ufos.
Bright flash in the sky.
"Big bright red-orange object flying horizontally at about 5000ft-10000ft 
rotating slightly as it moved Northeast."
"I'm actually not sure of the actually date but I do know this particular 
event happen in August. My boyfriend and I go out looking as o"
Two slow moving strobing lights moving steady in a western direction.
LOTS OF ACTIVITY OVER LAKE ERIE DURING FIREWORKS ON CIVIC HOLIDAY.
UFOs seen over Chico, CA. ((anonymous report))
Hovering disc with two red lights on it.
"We were walking past an athletic field when we looked over and noticed 3 
lights in the sky that we had never seen before.

Two of us"
"I noticed a light way up in the sky, and quickly realized a second light 
following. ((anonymous report))"
"Orange orb gliding above tree line from east to west. It blinked it's light 
off then on 3-4 times and dropped a faint silver object."
"Strange balls of light seen in sky over Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, 
Canada."
5 colored lights moving in sky east to west.
Black ufo spotted on a late night drive.
"It was late at night the object was a distance away but we're able to see a 
red light and possibly a green light as well going down."
"Saw a yellowish craft that turned into a disc over the beach in night sky 
in Old Orchard Beach, ME."
"Three bright reds lights crossing the sky, and then straight up and out of 
sight."
Red lights, three, moving from east to west, the stright up.
Two saucers and a lighting bolt
"1000 yards alt, triangular (large) floated over home traveling west to due 
East-complete w/ lights. Was silent."
"White triangle with speed of a modern jet. Sky cracked open. ((anonymous 
report))"
Sky cracked open.
"It looked like a brown boxcar way up into the sky. In approximately three 
seconds it disappeared behind a cloud."
"10 white lights seen in SE Wisconsin at high altitude, heading from S to N. 
Several objects split off. Retired Army and wife BSN."
"I saw an orange orb and as it glided by it appeared to be a pillar with 
orange at each end. ((anonymous report))"
"One previously stationary silent light...we thought was a star began to 
follow a plane. It looked as if the plane noticed this light ci"
"Two blue circular glowing flying objects were flying near each other then 
went in to different directions. ((anonymous report))"
Very bright (intense) blue and red lights on fast moving craft.
Three black objects seen in early evening sky
"Four unexplained bright white lights appeared in the sky tonight over 
Winnemucca, Nevada."
"Looks like square lightning. ((NUFORC Note: Looks like a normal lightning 
bolt to us. PD))"
Unidentified object hovering in Somerville, MA.
"Daytime sighting of white rectangle shaped object flying in clouds highly 
reflective surface."
Disc.
Black hovering triangle in Germantown, MD
Cream-colored saucer photographed over Fort Wayne, Indiana.
"We saw a round shape disk that looked like a parachute. Stayed in the same 
sky about 1-2 hours"
"Orange yellow orb seen floating over clouds, slowly moving up and down. 
((NUFORC Note: Twinkling star? PD))"
Strange crafts with strange sound moving slowly towards Denver, CO.
It was no crafts from this world.
"Saw 20-30 objects fly over no sound. Light all around then and in them. Not 
to big. Not in no.line. look like orbits. Not moving."
"((HOAX??))Saw about 20 to 30 lights flashing in sky. Moving north. No 
sound. Look like small drones."
"Star-looking object that moved unnaturally with different colored lights. 
((NUFORC Note: Twinkling star? PD))"
"Event happened around 11 at night. We were watching the night sky, when my 
wife and I saw a V shaped formation moving north to South."
"I went outside for a smoke and when i looked up to the east i saw what 
appeared to be either a meteor breaking thru the atmosphere but"
Four triangular orange fire balls in the sky
Two fast moving triangular shaped objects.
2 diamond shape objects streak across the sky in a perfect line.
"4 objects rose up in the sky slowly all together and 5th object rose fast 
to the other 4 then slowly all went up. ((anonymous report))"
"Appeared in the sky and descended straight down kind of slow, was too big 
to be an a/c; no sound. ((anonymous report))"
Green fireball shoots across sky before disappearing.
"A large red orb, moving S to E at low speed in atmosphere, the at hyper 
speed; disappeared at 150*. ((anonymous report))"
"Saw approximately 15 orange lights in a line, spaced out 10,15 seconds 
apart fly up from across the Mississippi river. Too slow to be p"
T-shaped fork completely covered in fire. Kept flying at same level
"Saw a orangish red light in the sky , thought maybe it was a helicopter or 
airplane that seemed to be coming in my direction , but then"
"Over 20 red lights in a long zig zag row over Deer Park, NY forming a zig 
zag pattern headed east to west / west to east."
"Clear, white spherical shape, reflected sunlight. Ascended toward outer 
atmosphere. ((anonymous report))"
Swarm of jet-black spheres near Lake Erie darting around in broad daylight.
Green light comes falling down.
"Seen 2 light ball shape UFO dancing in circular motion and one disapeared 
and other went in different direction.two more light ball for"
Green Glowing object shot off at very fast speed
"Large bright golden triangle moving rapidly from west to east near zenith 
then suddenly vanishes. ((anonymous report))"
"Triangle shape object with lights flew at very high speed across sky and 
stopped to descend"
"Driving down 25th St. Hovering above a funeral home two formations of 
lights looked triangular with a aura like glow I pulled off the"
"Bright orange/yellow sphere hovering over home in Davenport, FL. 
((anonymous report))"
"Pair of white light balls rapidly fade in and out, over Riverside City, 
Southern California."
"2 bright orange lights moving north/south and stationary in western sky. 
((anonymous report))"
"Starting at 21:15 hours a light coming from the SW heading NE about 15 
thousand feet high.There were no blinking lights or strobes like"
"It was really dark and all of a sudden we look up at the sky and there is 
this circular objects slowly going closer to the ground (didn"
"Triangle Shape In Downtown Charlotte. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flare, from 
photographing a bright reflection. PD))"
"Balloon type object but seemed to be moving very slowly...wind a ground 
level est 4-6 knots w to e."
"What was thought to be glare from the Sun turns out to be Strange Orb on 
Indian Land."
Orange circle shaped light hovered and then moved across sky
Hovering craft with lights at each end.
"Flash appeared like a starburst. It was like a gateway opening and closing 
within seconds."
Strange wobbly light in the sky moves around for two hours
"We saw a bright green ball of light last night moving steadily across the 
sky in a straight line. ((anonymous report))"
"After a series of lightning storms, about twenty minutes after the clouds 
cleared we saw what appeared to be a very bright and then pul"
"Massive lighted kites on Florida beach front, initially mistaken for UFO's. 
((NUFORC Note: Apparently kites, not UFOs. PD))"
"They are still moving. Different directions. Coming from different ways. 
They look like moving stars."
"I tried to video the event with my phone and there is only audio as far as 
i can tell.I don`t understand this because it was so bright."
"Rolling rapid white light moved rapidly across the lawn. ((anonymous 
report))"
"((HOAX??)) Blue ball shaped object buzzed through the sky. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Very bright eye-shaped bluish white light seen moving fast alongside a 
treetop line in broad daylight."
Faster than Mach 9.6 or almost 7,000 mph. WAY FASTER!
7/26/16 nine lights 7/28-29 only 8 lights?
"Pacific Park to Aliso Creek saw three yellow, orange lights. In triangular 
formation the two lower lights jones the brighter,larger ape"
"Huge green low flying fireball. ((anonymous report)) ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible meteor?? PD))"
"We saw a fuzzy orb of yellow/cream light that divided into two and back to 
one, giving the appearance of growing brighter and then disa"
Black triangle, sighted in middle of the day.
Brilliant flash of light followed by a sonic boom
"I seen a floating slab it was thinner than is was wider and longer. 
((anonymous report))"
Big light in front of dark clouds; brighter than my flashlight
"The craft shaped like a tear drop flew over my car and stopped and took 
off. ((anonymous report))"
"Light flying north the suddenly changes direction in a second. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Observed a lighted streamer like object flying or being towed over St 
George, UT. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
It was fast and silent.
Slow moving orbs of light.
"Bunch of super bright lights on base in long triangle; was gliding, with a 
humming sound. After 2-3 blocks, it disappeared!"
"My husband and I were sitting on the front porch talking and I turned my 
head just to look up at the sky. At that moment a cluster of w"
"Dragon-like wavy orange and red streaks seen in Ogden. ((NUFORC Note: 
Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"Tight formation light streams in sky moving slow. ((NUFORC Note: 
Re-entering space debris. PD))"
"10 to 15 slow traveling fireballs that faded into darkness. ((NUFORC Note: 
Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"Coordinated orange lights moving slowly W to E and fading out. ((NUFORC 
Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"A trail of burning light flew just above the southeastern horizon tonight. 
((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"I saw two balls of whitish-yellow light in the southern sky of SLC, UT 
traveling W to E. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Like a plane on fire with a long tail of read flames, white flames inside 
the red tail.((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"I was outside in my back yard when I noticed a light moving. ((NUFORC Note: 
Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"10-12 beaming lights, followed by green circular light. ((NUFORC Note: 
Space debris re-entering atmosphere. PD))"
"A/c speed object flying and then turns into a long fireball. ((NUFORC Note: 
Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"Seen 10 to 15 lights looked like shooting stars but didnt go out looked 
like missiles. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Anyone see the objects in the sky with the shiny light behind it? We were 
on the freeway headed W. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"We saw a very large, long object with orangish lights on the bottom, moving 
over the tree tops. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Slow moving meteorite or plane burning. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket 
re-entry. PD))"
"~1035 pm I and my girlfriend observed blinking lights and lights not 
blinking moving slow. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"we were outside watering lawn when lights appeared. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese 
rocket re-entry. PD))"
"Saw in south sky falling lights. Looked like a firework but was moving 
horiz. W to E. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"There was a very, large object which was multi-colored, low in the sky, 
((NUFORC Note: Space debris re-entering atmosphere. PD))"
Moving star. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry?? PD))
"Two UFOs witnessed between Boise and Mountain Home. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese 
rocket re-entry. PD))"
"I spend alot of time outside at night. Tonight i saw what started as two 
bright lights and two small blue lights then its broke up into"
Orange orb traveling north/west.
"We live in a farm. Was outside above house and barn about ten feet above 
barn hovered in silence and then moved approx 3 miles an hour"
Big and very bright object flying low.
"One flying light travels through sky fast then quickly descends, turns into 
2 lights. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"Jet liked object flying, it looked like it was crashing or flying downward 
quickly leaving a trail of orange light. ((anonymous report)"
"Patrons, at a park saw an object resembling a crashing, burning, plane, or 
rocket, or meteorite. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"All 3 were flying across the sky downward, streaking across with what 
looked like sparks. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Long lines in the sky. ((anonymous report)) ((NUFORC Note: Space debris 
re-entering our atmosphere. PD))"
Huge meteor over Mojave. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))
"Fireball Over Tracy, California. ((NUFORC Note: Reported to be re-entering 
Chinese rocket shell. PD))"
"A slow moving white trail moved across the sky. After about 20 seconds 
separated into 2.((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"My friend and I saw a fireball moving across the sky. ((anonymous report)) 
((NUFORC Note: Space debris? PD))"
"Ufo over stockton plane crash? Meteor? Drone? video disappeared on one 
camera. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Missile test" my ((obscenity deleted)).
Tumbling dot from west horizon to east, blinking as it reflected the sun.
"White, yellow, blue-colored fireball. Was coming from the ssw, heading 
towards the E.
((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"Meteor-like light with trail stopped and emitted another light, then 
changed course. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"This flaming ball was falling at an extremely fast speed from the sky. 
((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
I think it was a meteor. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))
"Slow-moving fireball moving E to W in the S sky. Yellowish in color and 
pulsing as it broke up. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Fireballs flying over two trees. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. 
PD))"
"Long observation of a spectacular orange fireball with massively long 
trail. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"I seen a strange looking object in the sky. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket 
re-entry. PD))"
"Pinkish fireball that broke apart and changed color to a bluish on a 
smaller pc. 4 witnesses."
"Large orange-red fireball appear in the NW sky and fall to the E of 
Bakersfield. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Two large fireballs streak across the sky over Reno, NV. ((NUFORC Note: 
Space debris. PD))"
"Sighted object(s) of two red-orange glowing balls with comet-like glowing 
tails. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"Bright, west to east flight over Reno airport, craft with "tail" of 
something not as bright as fire."
"Looking south from Reno, object "floating," with long trail from west to 
east. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Two fiery objects heading from west to east, with a slow descent rate, 
vanished behind mountains. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Saw a large ball of light traveling West to East in Livermore. ((NUFORC 
Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Slow moving, gradually descending bright white light with trail that broke 
up into 2 red objs. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Object was moving in the sky slowly...emitting a long tail, no sound. 
((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Massive entry burnout of a ufo. Did not appear to make a landing. ((NUFORC 
Note: Space debris. PD))"
"UFO, fire, contrail. ((NUFORC Note: Reported to be re-entering Chinese 
rocket shell. PD))"
"Bright yellow round object with orange and purple tail seen over North Lake 
Tahoe.object. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"I saw a slow moving object moving from West to east. ((NUFORC Note: Space 
debris. PD))"
"Fireball with trail similar to a comet seen navigating over roof tops of 
suburb of city. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"One tailing the other. Low in skyline. Then disappeared behind some trees. 
((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
Looking north from Point Loma in San Diego ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))
"golden ball with tail of sparks over sierra Nevada Mountains. ((NUFORC 
Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Two white-ish/yellow fireballs observed for a full minute or slighly more 
in western NV."
"A fireball in the sky that was moving slow and right above the mountains 
across the sky. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"A fireball above the southern horizon seen from the district of El Sereno 
in northeast Los Angeles."
"Like a airplane on fire then it kept going and when it passed out head it 
had like 6 lights. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Fireball for 30 seconds then disappeared. ((anonymous report))((NUFORC 
Note: Re-entering space debris. PD))"
"Bright light. ((anonymous report)) ((NUFORC Note: Re-entering space debris. 
PD))((anonymous report))"
"Saw 2 fireballs clear as day across the sky. Sort of looked like 2 planes 
were crashing. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"To S, emerging just above the treeline, moving W to E, a white fireball 
similar to a jet engine. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD)"
"Fireball with long tail gliding through the sky very slowly and l low in 
the sky. ((NUFORC Note: Chinese rocket re-entry. PD))"
"@ concert in Rohnert Park, CA, there was what appeared to be a fireball 
with a very large tail. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"white ball of flame in Mendocino county. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. 
Re-entering Chinese rocket booster. PD))"
"Round headlight appearing to be two crafts side by side, then veered toward 
the E. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Huge low flying craft over Kingman, AZ, possible crash landing. ((NUFORC 
Note: Space debris? PD))"
"Long slow moving craft with a bright light, hovered and vanished. ((NUFORC 
Note: Re-entering space debris. PD))"
"Long trail of sparks, the obj. traveled completely across the sky until it 
seemed to disappear. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
"Circular, bright,orange,neon,light. It looked as though it had a vapor 
trail behind it. It was going east bound then changed flight to"
"Approx. 9:30 I was walking at Woodward Pk in Fresno, in the SE. ((NUFORC 
Note: Re-entering space debris. PD))"
"I took pics . it changed from a round shape with many points to a round gas 
like appearance. ((NUFORC Note: Space debris. PD))"
Triangle moving at high rate of speed
White light orb with long vapor trail.
"My husband and I brought the dog out around 9 pm and saw a large black / 
daek gray triangle with 3 red lights and 1 white light hoverin"
"Big fire ball that broke in two smaller more dominant balls of fire with a 
more defined shape."
Fireball couple hundred feet up. Flew out in the distance and went out.
Grand Canyon sighting.
Silvery orange, stationary object high in sky.
"Got out of work ,noticed a light come out from behind tree, high up about 
40 degrees looking east , an orange ball shape thing travelin"
"I was driving north on main st and was just before gibson bookstore. I 
noticed to the north west, perhaps above egal square that There"
"Saw a irregular shaped object low flying in the distance with two red 
blinking lights one on top and on the bottom."
"At around 6:00 pm, I was on my balcony in central Las Vegas. I saw a light 
traveling east to west, go into a cloud, then come out to th"
Slow moving star.
Yellowish light moving through early morning sky - no sound, no strobes
"At first glance I didn't noticeanythingother than a starrynight. Until a 
distantlight slowly whith no sound made its way across the sky"
"Around 3:33 am on July 27/16,I seen what looked like a bright star flying 
slow,from North to south,south/east.It took about 3 Minutes t"
"Bright flash of green light, streaked through the sky and left behind a 
faint purple glow that faded quickly"
Three fireball/lights hovering inside of Pueblo, CO.
Yellow bright orbs in vertical line formation SE Grand Rapids about 11:30 pm
"Perfectly seen from Route 118 South, in open fields. Triangle formations of 
red/white strobes sitting perfectly still. Occaisionally on"
Small, rapid blinking, fast moving lights.
"Not sure what I just witnessed but it was very unusual. I just took my dog 
out for his last bathroom run when ai noticed a light that a"
Different sized and colored orbs of light chasing into space.
"I was looking to the west and out of nowhere a bright light appeared, 
moving slowly, couldn't see any form or shape around it."
Two objects seen in central Oregon.
2 large balls of light in the southern sky, lasted for only a few seconds.
"Extremely bright super fast flashing lights up in the atmosphere performing 
sharp degree turns."
"Bright blue/vivid purple blue light over Mechanicsburg, PA, area, 7/26/16, 
9:30 p.m.."
"White circular doughnut-like object with flashing red and white lights 
slowly moving up and away"
Bright light in sky.
Cloaking aircraft.
Bright light in sky, moving and hovering, took off fast.
Three white lights in a vertical formation, northeast of State College
"Slow floating led star like bright light. Slowly moved west to east over 
sky, as high as the stars. No flashing light like sattelite, j"
I seen this big green ball of fire.
"I was out walking at night over at the park. I rounded a corner and started 
walking down a hill when I noticed two bright orange color"
"Two (possibly three) extremely bright lights, on huge, low-flying, object. 
Lights brightened and dimmed, object suddenly disappeared."
"Looked like a star, at first. When it started to serpentine I used the 
stars to follow its movement to ensure it wasn't a heavenly body"
"It was hovering, not moving for a while then slowly started crossing the 
lake. It came closer and was a triangle. We saw two lights, th"
Bright white light moving in a weird pattern.
8-12 steady whitish-yellow and red lights low in the sky (no osund heard).
White light slowly ascending then slowly fading.
V-shaped objects in the shape of a W hovering over wal mart.
Two balls of light on beach and over ocean
"Walked out with dog and observed a dark craft overhead. No lights. Thought 
it could be a drone, but too large."
Fast moving bright lights over south of Fulton, followed til vanished.
2 lights seen on horizon in Lincoln Nebraska.
"30 minute lapse in memory, hallucinations, nose bleeds and astronomical 
anomalies."
Anyone else seen it?
"I saw flashes of light above me that would appear for any tiny fraction of 
a second, then be gone, only to reappear again either in"
"I saw one low flying craft with 3 dim red/orange lights. Triangular shape 
with 1 light on each corner."
"Two bright red lights seen after dark, moving slowly across the beach, over 
the lake, and then rapidly diminishing into distance."
RED LIGHT SOUTH OF HOLLISTER 10:23PM.
Mysterious intense red glow lights up area
"I was watching the RNC on tv when I heard a loud humming noise. I listened 
as it got louder and louder. It got so loud that I couldn't"
Moving and stationary blue white light, low in sky 9:20 pm.
"Observed across Lake Wequacket (Centerville MA) a bright vertical line 
dropping from the Western Sky, just after sunset. The line elo"
"A hovering square craft with blue/white lights silently, smoothly flew (?) 
away after a bright, red triangle light engaged.(anonymous)"
"On July 24th evening, last night I was sitting outside in my hot tub in my 
backyard. I was gazing up at the night sky. We have a lot of"
Object hovered in same area of sky for over 3 hours.
Dark grey box floating in the air near PDX airport.
"E of Galilee we saw this orange colored light low in the sky it went to the 
R, then L, then R, then straight away.((anonynous report))"
Odd spheres with lights in my pictures.
"Black rectangle glided across the sky at 100 to 200 feet in elevation over 
a residential neighborhood in broad daylight."
As I am waiting outside for my car to come out of the washing bay I look
"Slow moving, glowing white rectangle with rounded ends and blinking lights 
at one end."
Small, steady point of light made an impossible maneuver
Yellow orbs seen while on an Alaskan cruise.
"It was approximately 12:45 am (00:45) in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, when I 
heard a faint whirring sound coming from outside. I was sit"
Three red spheres flying low in V formation over I-75 North Toledo, Ohio.
"((HOAX??)) I could not aee the outside of the ship, but I know I was in 
one. ((anonymous report))"
"Looked like star that started moving SE slowly, then veered E quickly for a 
sec., and continued to fly straight, until it disappeared."
Super bright light, silent ,continuously ever 5 minutes .
"Flashing Light Hells Canyon. 4 witnesses. Airline Captain. ((NUFORC Note: 
Airline captain/ATP report. PD))"
"5 bright orange/red orbs coming from the north to southwest approximately 2 
minutes apart. No noise and traveling pretty quick. Disappe"
"We did not get a very good look at this object. I am only reporting this in 
case someone who got a better look does also so that their"
Orange and yellow elongated fireball looking object.
"A strip of green lights in a lateral row, moving sideways and hovering at 
first, then rotating as if to show off, darted then disappear"
"Orange/redish sphere hovering 1 mile away, dimmed and disappeared shooting 
upwards made no sound"
Bright blue light flashed and moved slowly only to disappear again.
Shimmering object gliding across the sky much faster than any aircraft.
"Saw 9 orange / yellow colored lights in west sky, moving slowly in 
formation towards the north."
Bright slow moving light.
"Dozens of bright star-like orbs moving together rapidly across the sky. 
((anonymous report))"
"My wife and I driving home and I almost t slammed on the brakes. She said, 
"Don't worry, they're just stars." We pulled over,"
"Clear evening when a scattering of objects (lights) started moving from 
east to west all together, quite fast; no noise."
July 23, 2013, Palm Desert UFOs.
White sphere. ((anonymous report))
"Fast moving planet or other celestial object? Read and personally view 
yourself at earlier times"
Bright reflective yellowish rectangular object larger than a plane.
"2 crafts one heading north the other heading from north to south west while 
changing shape"
"Sitting on porch, orange colored ball traveling NNE to SSW. Went across the 
sky at great speed and disappeared."
"Marlton, NJ, 07/23/2016 - 5:26pm While building my deck i felt a drop of 
rain and gust of wind. I looked up to see if we were going to"
Translucent object observed flying in the clear, blue afternoon sky.
The object that came from the river was admitting sparks from the bottom.
"I was driving through atmore alabama on thier hwy and there was suddenly a 
huge metal rectangular object coming directly towards my car"
"Equilateral triangle of lights few overtop of us, twice. ((anonymous 
report))((NUFORC Note: Sighting of ISS. PD))"
This was not like anything I have seen in sky.
"U" shaped UFO, made of light, over Candler, NC.
"3 bright white lights on triangler shaped obj.. Obj. was seen flying over 
Hwy 99 N, between Madera and Fresno Co. ((anonymous report))"
"Orange/red "fireball," passing west to east, with no noise, and seemed to 
be quite high in the sky..not an airplane!"
"A bright round light burst in the sky from nowhere. No sound. Appeared to 
be just behind and above the treeline. Like a sun."
"White and glowing about 50 ft from the skyline. After about 15 minutes it 
started descending rapidly towards the ground and disappeared"
Hovering light in the sky that left a trail of light behind it.
Shiny capsule-shaped object seen over Pittsburgh
"I, too saw flashes of intense white light flash outside my house. An 8-10" 
strand of horizontal, bright light flashed outside."
"Follow up of the rumble heard in Daphne, Al. Reported on 7/22/16, WKRG news 
5 reported that thousands of people heard the rumble."
"Bright white light streak, traveling at a extremely high rate of speed. 
Vanished into thin air. ((anonymous report))"
Flash of white ball of light.
"An oval-shaped craft doing circles for about two minutes; later, there was 
a string of lights outside my house. ((anonymous report))"
Repeated circular flashes of light in the sky in southern Florida.
"I was standing on my porch when I noticed a fast moving light. At first I 
thought it was a lightning bug, but then watched it move."
Circular structure in sky, blue and green light. Vanished in thin air.
"After midnight I was on my way home from work, I was driving from the 
Fairwood neighborhood in Renton, WA. I was driving down Benson Rd"
Strange flashes of light on a clear night in Sno-King area of WA.
"Sitting on my third floor deck, I was watching what I assumed to be a 
plane. At first, all I could see was a bright red light. Suddenly"
"Three lights in sky rapidly moving away from one another from a single 
point."
"There was a strange low, slow traveling rumbling noise over Daphne, Alabama 
last night."
Reddish-white single flash of light.
"3 bright symmetric lights observed directly overhead moving NE to S. Motion 
stopped lights changed color and disappeared overhead."
"Loud and very deep noise, coming from a very dark object with three lights 
in the sky."
"OBJECT CROSSED THE SKY SO FAST, LIKE IT WAS HURLING TOWARD THE GROUND, BUT 
DISAPPEARED INSTEAD."
"Bright round red light in the sky traveling north went so far then 
disappeared. ((anonymous report))"
Very low deep rumbling noise from the sky,but no airplanes in sight.
Fast moving light in Buckeye, AZ.
Multiple lights, moving horizontally and vertically with no sound.
"Bright shimmering object, not too high above ground level. Looking and 
moving like flying saucer right out of science fiction."
"Sickly, sweet smell permeates the air with no discernible cause. My dog's 
barking was an alert."
"This was an object that was a rectangular shape with blue on the outering 
of it and then red and white on the inside of it."
"There were jets flying over our house (North Richland) continuously for one 
hour. Was woken up by my dogs barking and then heard the j"
Bright white light at night in corn field.
"Above the coast and out in the distance there were multiple crafts. All 
were slightly shifting as they hovered some more active than ot"
"Bright fireball looking object gliding down, then vanishing after 4 
seconds, and it appeared to be very low in the sky."
Quickly moving bright light over Linden, NJ.
Large ball of fire streaks over Missouri's night sky.
"Triangle shape with one red light in center flying low, slow, and quiet 
over wooded, mountainous area."
"Saturn like object hovering 1/2 mile away. Bright blinking colored lights. 
Hovered then turned south and moved away slowly then VERY fa"
Unknown jerky flying red and blue flashing object seen high in the sky.
"White round in the air for 30s; no noise or nothing it was about 200 ft off 
the ground, flying over my house and cow pasture."
3 colored lights that changed direction
"2 bright reddish-orange fireballs seen flying in a unique flight path not 
seen by usual aircraft."
High altitude light.
Very bright silver object vanished from sight.
"Some silver cigars and some black oval. . Some look like black triangle 
clouds. ((anonymous report))"
Unknown circular object caught on photo. Unknown what it is.
"Orange saucer vanished and left a black trail leading down to the surface 
of the Earth."
"Object with multicolored lights, 2 times in the last 2 weeks staying in one 
spot in the sky for a long period of time"
Strange red lights in Phoenix Sky, just now.
Orbs over the Snohomish Valley in July, again!
Saw a gold Y shaped stationary light in the Western sky around midnight.
"My family saw a total of five orange lights that appeared. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Orange-ish lights in the sky, sitting still, then shifting off into smaller 
lights."
"Four orange then two separate groups of 5 white lights in each group moving 
uniformly off the Holden Beach, NC, coast."
"My wife and I plus two other people were walking on the beach when we seen 
a group of orange to green lights. They appeared to circle o"
2 large orange lights in Yukon sky
"The object I saw was as small as the stars out tonight, the size of a pin 
head, moving in a very straight line, which seemed too small"
Large round light came from above in one smooth 3-4 second movement,
"Hovering ufo started to move, and then transformed into a plane. ((NUFORC 
Note: Landing lights, we believe. PD))"
"Smaller aircraft which had no noise with rotating white lights, accompanied 
but super large area of twinkling smaller lights."
Bright green dot. Struck straight down for about a second and disappeared.
"Light moving north-south to Lake Ontario and follow, for an instant, by a 
big Circle of Light"
Nothing of this world I have seen or can rationalize. ((anonymous report))
"Large orange sphere materialized over cornfield, sped off traveling S to N, 
disappeared in mid air"
"Orange circular fireballs moving across the sky. Looked like orange candle 
flames, surrounded by a light halo, and made no sound."
"I looked outside window like I always do at night and then I saw it above 
the trees and the lights fluttered back and forth."
"Huge Egg Shaped Glowing Hovering Behind Manhattan (Seen from Brooklyn: 
Bushwick Rooftop)"
UFO on fire.
Strange fast moving craft seen over St. George, Utah.
"((HOAX?? Photo looks bogus.)) Pink ufo made of 7 round pink circles or 
blobs. ((anonymous report))"
"White 'stars' that suddenly appear out of nowhere and begin zooming across 
the sky, sharp turns. ((NUFORC Note: Satellites?? PD))"
Star-like light.
Object hovering over NYC
"((HOAX??)) Bright blue green ball of light. It was bright to where u could 
not miss it sat there for 10 seconds. ((anonymous report))"
"Saw one red circle on the right and then a second light appeared near the 
other red light. ((anonymous report))"
"Orb of light appears in western sky near sunset when planes are in sky, 
then disappears after a few seconds."
Disk shaped object seen in the sky.
Cigar shaped silver object in northeast moving quickly.
"I did not witness anything while I was shooting my photos,I took them 
blindly of the bright sky. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flares. PD))"
"Black dot the size of a star appeared and began to shine a green light 
intermittently as it flew over the Kennebec River to N."
"unknown object in photo. ((NUFORC Note: We believe that the blurry, gray 
object may be a bird or insect in flight. PD))"
Odd Moving Glittery Light.
"Orange craft, higher than most airplanes flying to BWI, No trail, 
disappeared into a cloud, never re-emerged. No sound emanating from c"
"Cone-shaped light with cluster of lights around it, orange lights. 
((anonymous report))"
White lights seen flying slowly over Manhattan or Brooklyn, NY
"Bright green sphere with long trailing tracer making 90 deg turns moving at 
a very high rate of speed across the night sky"
Three red lights sighted, forming a triangle in the sky.
"Bright ball of light seen above the horizon line, zoomed away quicker than 
possible."
Orange lighted flying object observed.
"Seen from my balcony, two bright red spheres (no blinking lights) followed 
an erratic flight path, or remained stationary."
4 amber/red lights in a square formation.
Yellow blinking light moving at high speed.
"Very bright red light moving slowly E to W, then went straight up and 
disappeared. ((NUFORC Note: Witness is commercial pilot. PD))"
"Right at dusk my 2 roommates and I were driving to our home and we saw a 
red light, at first we thought it may have been a towers light"
Fireball seen soaring across the sky. Aircraft seen chasing it.
"Big bright white sphere over the sky that looks bigger than a full moon, 
without making a sound. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flares. PD))"
"My English is not too good, but I saw aroun 8 disc & they flew erratic 
thats why caught my atencion."
"Saw multiple flying objects; first there were three and then one and then 3 
again. Heading toward Iola. ((anonymous report))"
"It was triangular with 3 large circular lights one in each Corner and a 
smaller red light in the center the object was dark colored"
"Driving down to downtown Vancouver, WA, seen a blimp shaped object towards 
west hills of Portland. ((anonymous report))"
Red linear lights and golden organically moving light.
"I caught it on my camera, its shooting around all different directions, 
almost looks like a dragon fly but a UFO sized one, it's changi"
"Bright, white, blue and red flashing lights above Quigley Canyon in Hailey, 
Idaho. ((anonymous report))"
"Two separate blue, red, and green flashing orbs over southwest St Johns 
County."
A low flying matchstick with a flame moving east! ((anonymous report))
3 orange/yellow lights in a triangle on E Independence.
Orange orb, silently crossed sky over Oakland, NJ, wsw to ene.
Translucent sphere with flame in the middle.
Bright orange orbs in sky over tree line.
"10 solid not blinking orange lights moving from SE to NW in the night sky. 
Totally silent. An a/c moved from S to N at same time."
A very bright white dot.
"Addendum to previous report: These lights were first observed at a point 
nearly due S of my observation point in the backyard."
"Formation of moving lights moving East to West across nearly the entire 
night sky."
Unkown object hovers in sky above prison complex. ((anonymous report))
"Triangle of pulsating lights (plus 2 below). Lights appeared towards the 
tail end of the storm clouds."
Shiny, cigar-shaped, object hovering.
Triangular UFO. ((anonymous report))
"Oval craft hovering 4ft off ground. 8ft to the right was a "grey." 
((anonymous report))"
Small craft drops out of larger a craft over Rollins Lake.
"On Thursday July 14, 2016, at around 11:30 pm, I went outside for one last 
cigarette before bed. It was a beautiful clear night, so I w"
White dimming object north of Cedar Falls Mall.
Unknown lights in night sky.
Fireball.
"Round craft with bright emerald lights flashed and disappeared the second 
time the lights flashed."
Cigar shaped flying object in NE sky over Burlington Township, NJ.
"I was watching a helicopter flying above me. As I followed it, I noticed a 
black round object hovering in its flight path."
"Craft with lights circled around and made several passes over town and 
surrounding areas. ((anonymous report))"
"I was night swimming with my daughters and we talked about ufos. I remember 
seeing a guy pray on youtube and ufos appeared and as iv ha"
"Red and green flashing orb above tree line followed by bizarre humming 
noise and overwhelming fear."
"On the night of Wednesday the 13th of July 2016, I was outside taking my 
dog out to use the restroom. When I noticed some electrical in"
"Large vertical row of lights rising from horizon, stopping, then right, 
back to left slowly, stopping, back left, out of my vision."
"I was staring at a "star" to the north of Jackson, NJ, whilst stargazing. 
This "star" suddenly darted across the sky."
"I and my kids noticed 4 multi colored lights blinking and objects seem to 
not be moving."
"3 large silent, slow moving fiery orbs moving across the sky in an arc, one 
after the other in a timely manner."
"Organic looking craft hovered silently in place for several minutes then 
took off towards the horizon at a high rate of speed."
"Stationary spacecraft, emitting glowing colored signals that slowly moves 
horizontally to the east."
Red light floating in sky at night in park.
"A formation of 5 soundless star bright red objects moving across the sky, 
from NE to SE."
"3 objects, many green and red bright lights, moving slow and 2 did not make 
noise."
"It was around 10:15 Tuesday night July 12th. There were two adults plus 
children present at the time. It was a very clear note as you c"
"My girlfriend and I we're sitting on my back patio stargazing in Clacks 
Canyon. All of a sudden a spotlight appeared high in sky."
"We were sitting on the beach and we saw a red flashing light. I thought it 
was a plane and then my boyfriend pointed out that you could"
Bright light in the sky east, southeast of mckee, ky.
Red/white blinking object observed over Sloan Canyon area/West Henderson.
"Shooting star type object moved quick across the sky gave off bright light 
before disappearing."
Amber, oval shaped light in the sky that disappears after a minute or two
Large Red Orb moving from S to N over Washington Heights Neighborhood.
"Me and three other people saw what looked to be circular balls of light 
flying in sequence one after another. They were a fire-like ora"
"Bright silver blue glow on horizon south of Temecula, CA. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Looked up by us 131 above coast line by coloma 7 exit; see at least 9 
bright red yellow glowing spheres in triangle.((anonymous report)"
"I saw 2 round flying objects that looked like stars with shiny halo like 
outer rings. They were flying in no certain pattern high in th"
Took pic 3 lights in picture u can see ufo have pic's.
"Black Triangle Craft spotted in Spokane, Washington. ((NUFORC Note: Serious 
report, or maybe not?? PD))"
Woke up in a field that is impossible to get to.
"Brief flashes of light, followed but a Grey/Blue haze of light surrounding 
a circular object on empty highway."
"Sometimes 4-5 flashing in 2 different color lights. Hovering or darting in 
quick movements at most times. It moved from side to side am"
"A blue circular object with external lights up to 6 I believe approximately 
300 feet in size just a little greater than treetop level."
Shimmering orange fireball seen near Brightwood, Oregon.
"Green streak whizzed over my head and disappeared above my house with no 
sound."
"Green flashing light hovering then suddenly bolting off at a high rate of 
speed."
"The UFO was circular and illuminated in blue and red. It moved from side to 
side and would hover and then it would stop moving and desc"
Green fireball shooting downward.
4 orange orbs over Long Island.
Estes Park, CO, green/red lights hovering in close formation.
4 bright orange lights in the sky.
Bright lit object over head; watched it fade and disappear.
Very bright, organized pattern in sky, reddish orange in color
"In a 1-minute period, there were 3 fireballs heading north spced evenly 
apart."
"Two stripes speed across moon in telescope in barely a second; no trees in 
view. Quickly disappear. ((NUFORC Note: Contrails??? PD))"
Lights in pattern, under the clouds.
Strange lights at base of thunderstorm.
"Driving on 309, saw object flying fast then just stopped, turned around to 
find it again and nothing, it was big, nothing ive seen b4."
Possible reptilian being sighting.
Four lights in a line in the evening sky
Silver flicking light hovering over ocean.
"It was a horseshoe shape and brown flyinging above the mountains 
disappearing and then coming back"
Watched 5 luminous balls, in triangle formation.
"Woke up to see a bright yellow light coming through my bedroom window. It 
remained still for a few moments."
"I just came inside and its 3:32am now. @ ~1:56 am, I woke up to let my dogs 
out and I noticed a bright triangle shaped orange light."
"I saw a rectangle object smooth corners with 4 round orange lights on its 
underside, no sound, smooth moving. ((anonymous report))"
"My husband and I saw a bright neon orange orb fly to the sky for about a 
minute."
"Approx. 10 bright orange lights appeared from the E, moving slowly and 
silently, about tree top high, to the W. ((anonymous report))"
"appeared to be a bouncing red light but the photos we took it was a silver 
cylinder shaped object."
"I observed a light mist/cloud like object move West to South covering many 
thousands of miles away and high in approximately 12 seconds"
"An almost blinding pure white flash in the upper Eastern part of the sky. I 
was watching the sky through our moon roof. I seen 2 satell"
Lights/orbs seen crossing the sky with no noise.
Large, slow, flying triangle aircraft with lights.
Triangular lighted object moving quickly from sw to ne at 1/8 size of moon.
5 bright lights in the sky over the Columbia River.
Circle of multi-colored lights in Lakeside, CA, observed for 30 minutes.
"An object that appeared to be on fire passed laterally over open water then 
rose rapidly into the sky."
"Saw a black rotating object looking east spinning rotating in place ...a 
small aircraft flew past object was higher than small plane."
"Looking eastern direction...11:00. Position... Sky clear..looked up and saw 
a rotating diamond black gray object stationary..spining.."
"From the northeast side of the city, looking in the southern sky, a bright 
light appeared, like a star.But anyone could tell it wasn't"
Spotted, showed for a few seconds and disappeared into the clouds.
"Fireball with teardrop shape above it, rose above tree line, hovered 
briefly then moved horiz. across the sky. ((anonymous report))"
Mysterious lights and noise.
3 silver cigars moving N/NE over St. Johns County, FL.
Looking up I seen a bright object coming from the S/W towards the N/E.
"As I looked up I saw this object streak across the sky clearly blocking the 
stars as it went by."
Brilliant green light in western sky.
"I saw a flickering orange light traveling west to east..I watched it until 
it disappeared which was approximately two minutes"
"Reddish-Orange concentration of light that stood still within the cloud 
line west of Mountain View, OK"
"In the North sky, about 15 to 14,000 feet in the air it was round and 
oranges red half the size of the moon. ((anonymous report))"
"(a silent) streak of light, bright white, dropped at aprox. 80 degree angle 
nothing remarkable about the event, except with in 2 minut"
Dancing like object in sky.
It was only 4 lights at first; there were suddenly more of them.
Flash of light traveling south to north. The flash left a trail of light.
Something hovering with strobing lights.
White disappearing ball of fire reappeared and then turned black.
"I was at my neighborhood gazebo located next to a pond, when I saw a bright 
white light in the sky, it obviously wasn't a plane nor was"
"Large silver reddish circle passes in sky. Planes are not circles, balloons 
don't move 60 mph with no wind. ((anonymous report))"
"Bright white ball 250 feet above ground surrounded by dense fog. 
Disappeared after my view was blocked by a tree."
"Small blue light observed over the Erlanger/Florence area. ((anonymous 
report))"
White/bluish light bulb flashing strobe lights in rural sky.
"2 bright orbs over Lake Huron, Oscoda, MI. Dog fight, playing around. anti 
gravity maneuvers."
"Watching fireworks and saw an unusually large aircraft miles away, about 5 
times larger than a plane, and then it stopped...hovered."
Soft lights, darting in a very fast pattern.
"Blue orb. The blue orb came forward and stayed stationary for about 10 sec 
until descended down for about 5 seconds. The orb then proce"
"Assumed a bright light was a star until it wobbled, moved back and forth 
and straight up. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
"Our dog began frantically barking, and we walked outside to see three giant 
glowing dots that changed formation and left a trail."
Starlike object observed.
"As my husband prepared for work and was leaving he called my name with a 
since of urgency! I rushed outside and was amazed at what I s"
"Constellation of 14-30 dim lights, 3 bright blue lights performing 
maneuvers."
Star-like objects pass over Tucson.
"Hundreds of small flickering white lighted objects floating quickly across 
the sky."
"Red orange fireball traveling slowly E to W, then dropped and disappeared 
like it burst apart. No trail left behind it at first."
Red Spiral Drone Like Object with Red Lights.
3-year old has UFO dream?
"Bright flash of light, no sound, extremely powerful wind gust. ((anonymous 
report))"
((NUFORC Note: Witness provides no information. PD))
"Saw green flashing or lightning twice in a minute. I woke up and saw 2 
flashes."
4 bright lights were seen in the sky above Lincoln, California.
"I was sitting out @ about 11:00 pm. I noticed a bright-what looked to be a 
star-in the distance. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
"5 transparent rectangular shapes, in formation, at night, over ocean, the 
lit up shapes moved fast, vertically, then light went out."
"Witnessed 3 to 4 rapidly blinking objects very high in the sky that at 
first looked like fireflies. Each one darted across the sky at"
"Four bright white lights in a diamond pattern with a flashing white light 
in the middle, no sound."
"Object going slow then fast. Random directions then proceeded north. 
Circular egg shape."
Green light craft or object disappears in the sky
Glowing orb lights coming out of what looked like northern lights.
"From the horizon then a 90 degree turn directly towards us, turning into a 
fast light under water. Surfaced like a lightning bug."
Indiana Dunes State Park sighting. ((anonymous report))
"Unexplained light to the north that didn't appear to be an aircraft that 
moved west and then north at a decent rate of speed."
At least 4 kite-shaped bright, stationary objects over Portsmouth, RI.
"Light stationary in sky. Became bright then faded. Approximately 20 seconds 
later vanished completely."
"White spherical shaped sighted in the sky over I-240W & near S. Douglas 
Blvd. in Midwest City, OK. ((anonymous report))"
Very fasy orange orb zipping around the sky around a lightning storm.
Lighted objects floated over Oak Lawn and Hometown, July 4th, 2016.
"We saw unquestionably at least 8 plus ufo's flying in patterns coming and 
going!!"
I saw a large orange object slowly moving over my apartment building.
Green sphere obsereved in southwest virginia
"It was a light blue light that came from behind us. As we were watching the 
fireworks around 11 p.m. the light crossed over heading awa"
"Saw a small blue disk zoom above our head emitting a glowing hazy light and 
an airplane with green lights soon followed the blue saucer"
"Three orb shaped objects fly pattern across sky, start packed together and 
gradually separate equally."
Red lights seen twice on same night.
Bright purple craft hovered above eastward mountains
"2 triangle sphere shaped bright orange objects flying under 500ft across 
Sivler Lake Wa"
"4 of us saw these. I have them on cell phone video posted on my FB page, 
I'd be happy to share."
"3 lights (green, red, clear) noticed setting still in the sky for about 1 
min.. Moved to the L quickly, stopped. ((anonymous report))"
Three objects observed during Bellevue 4th of July fireworks display 2016.
"Flying object saucer shape with red and green lights seen in Rochester 
Hills, MI"
"Masala craft coming towards us in the sky just over the Treetops. It looked 
like a fireball but it did not move in a straight line. It"
"Cigar-shaped objects with the orange flame in the front flying in a grid 
pattern."
Red/Green light hovering over fireworks display.
Orange fiery spree threw the night sky! ((anonymous report))
"As I was watching tv, I could see the neighbors fireworks going off. As a 
green bloom of sparks were falling from the sky I noticed a r"
"Breaking crowd from fireworks, looked in the sky to the left and notice a 
formation of orange circles, very distinct formation, stayed"
"Two red ligths in vertical position with a green light protruding to the 
left. Very irregular motion. Fast unusual movements."
Odd.
Red orbs over Buckley, WA.
"While watching fireworks at Dogwood Park on July 4th I saw a single white 
light orb floating to the right of the display. It hovered st"
Green then Red light hanging out over Jacobus, PA, fireworks.
"Blueish white sphere, no sounds even when directly overhead, brightened, 
dimmed, then disappeared."
"4 crafts appear with green spinning bottom and purple tops with red lights. 
Slowly appeared in sky moved to left then slowly glide stra"
"cigar shape light glowing blue with white lights on right side and left 
side white with lights"
Ufo seen by 5 witnesses.
orange-red dim orb that flies fast.
"Three orange lights flying from west to east over Frankfort, Kentucky on 
Forth of July, 2016"
"Saw small glowing red spheres on the 4th of July in Indianapolis. 
(Definitley not lanterns or flares.)"
"Round lighted object with orange flames in middle. No sound.Traveling from 
west to east in a straight line. Saw it for about 1 minute t"
"2 Orange globes, smooth steady speed. 2nd group of 5 objects,sighting more 
changes in formation. But seemed to hover at times"
"My family witnessed about 20 or more orange lights in the sky.... not too 
high up. They looked like they were hovering bot not moving"
((HOAX??)) Never saw anything like it.
"We were watching the Lena fireworks from a nearby field from a parked 
truck.... we saw a small red glowing cylinder moving fairly quick"
"Round object orange and red in color with flame in middle traveling from 
West to east...saw for about 1 min then disappeared"
Mysterious green light seen during fireworks celebration.
"During 4th of July Fireworks, a light approached the fireworks from the 
west. It was raining lightly at the time and the clouds were l"
"Round lighted object with orange flames in middle. No sound.Traveling from 
west to east in a straight line. Saw it for about 1 minute t"
A strange formation of lights flew low over an LA suburb.
Green flashes seen above Colorado Springs.
"Round orb purple haze around it with red in the middle , moved vary quickly 
down and to the left and hovered there ,seen it for maybe 1"
Pale dim white and blue lights.
2 high altitude objects perform amazing maneuvers.
2 dark red round objects seen by 2 persons.
Reddish-orange object floating above 4th of July crowd.
"The object seeing before by me (last 4th of July - 2015) a round bright 
green light that goes up in the air probably 100 floors height."
"((NUFORC Note: Witness, who elects to remain totally anonymous, provides no 
information. PD))"
Orange round object.
"Small red sphere breifly observed changing size, color, and intensity 
before disappearing"
"Brilliant orange "power" lights; one word description would have to be 
"roiling," or "liquid.""
Red sphere seen changing color, intensity and size
"Stepped outside to witness fireworks, I noticed a orange ball off fire 
enetering from the north and heading south for 2 minutes."
"There were small flying objects going toward and away from a large saucer 
shaped ufo. ((anonymous report))"
"Hovering 2 red lights, one green on the rear completely still, then rapid 
ascent."
"Saw a red/orange ball of light slowly pass overhead. I know it had nothing 
to do with fireworks. I did not see any solid shape, just an"
Green light in sky with strange flight patterns.
"Orange color. Went straight up and stopped.i got ten seconds video on my 
phone then went to the telescope to look at it. Daughter in"
Was above the Military Base Point Magu Watching the forth of July fireworks
Fast moving star like vessel. ((anonymous report))
"While relaxing in the pool w/family I was watching the con trail of an 
aircraft traveling North, at that time an object appeared seemin"
"2 fire balls in Jaws as rescently reported to Peter. After the right to 
left after the commercial it shows the boat at a distance, fro"
"Outside of my house looking up at a clear day no clouds. We saw a 3 spheres 
rotating together in one shaped object circle.

You can s"
((NUFORC Note: No information provided by witness. PD))
"I went outside for a smoke, looked up to admire stars...and I saw a star 
darting in and out.....drifting too fast."
Bright light beams scan interior of house for two hours on July 4
"Were watching what we thought was a satellite when its intensity 
brightened. ((NUFORC Note: Possible Iridium satellite? PD))"
"Two stationery orange disk shaped flying objects moving around each other 
before they disappeared."
"This photo was taken by a black and white game camera. There were over 20 
pictures on the disk. It has a timer that takes pictures ever"
Circular gold craft with pulsating orange and red light dead center.
Orange light observed in Fitchburg sky
"Sitting by my pool. Saw 2 orange round Fireballs in the sky moving around 
strangely. Grabbed my phone to go out of the screen in enclos"
"I saw a green round light out by our pole building. I got my Fiance and we 
got on our golf cart and went around building it wasn't the"
Red floating orb for sure not craft or fireworks
"A bright orange and red craft (fireball) moved in night sky, approx 10 
minute duration. Until finally disappearing into night sky."
"One golden orb moving aprx speed of a plane but a non blinking golden glow. 
Followed by 3 orbs same size in a triangular formation. Ano"
"A floating ball of light that zig-zag's at light speed leaving a light 
trail."
"3 big round lights in the shape of triangle over Lake Lanier. ((anonymous 
report))"
"A bright red light appeared very quickly, stopped abruptly and then sped 
away upward into the sky."
"We saw two bright fireballs in the sky, which later disappeared very 
quickly. ((anonymous report))"
My friend and II saw altogether 9 glowing bright orange orbs in the sky.
"3 red/amber orbs observed travelling seperatley about 1 minute apart with a 
Denver heading"
"We have never experienced something so strange. Just the way it moved has 
me scratching my head."
4 orange spheres over Pequea PA
"The 4 objects came one at a time, they were red balls of light that moved 
behind trees, stopped, and disappeared, about a minute later,"
"Four bright orange orbs drifted in the Eastern sky over Cranston,RI at 
10:15 pm on July 3rd."
Three yellow lights form a triangle in the U.P. night sky.
Baraboo, IW, 3 red / orange objects east of town
Aquamarine light in the sky.
UFO over Herkimer, NY.
Orange lights meteor like object flies overhead
"There should be many more witness's to this because it was at a fireworks 
show there where hundreds of folks with their eyes on the sky"
"Orange orb sighting at night that lasted about 5 minutes in Madison, 
Wisconsin."
"Northbound on 121A, witnessed 2 orange lights pass from NW to SE. They 
remained a uniformed distance apart could not estemate speed, th"
Unkown amber pulsating light
"July 3rd, 2016. Several dim lights moving back and forth countering each 
other in the Eastern sky over Wingdale, NY."
White light moving very fast makes right angle turn.
Red lights to the North during Patriot High fireworks
"Very slow flying diamond object over our neighborhood july 3, 2016 at 
approx 9:00pm. ((anonymous report))"
Scared for our lives
multiple red orbed triangular craft outside washington, DC
"I was taking a picture over my neighbor house. Then was going to send to 
them. When I looked at picture saw a weird image."
"While sitting on the beach just S of the Ogunquit River outlet to the 
Atlantic Ocean, on July 3,2016, at approximately 2:00 - 2:30"
Three red lights in triangle shape hovering.
"My friend and I were sitting outside of our campsite watching the sunrise 
over the mountains and suddenly a bright flash appeared in th"
"While on vacation over the 4th of July weekend, I witnessed a UFO in the 
sky directly east of the Tamarron Resort near Durango, Colorad"
Eratic white and red light flying near the horizon
"Blinking lights on for several seconds getting super bright and fadding out 
, a smoke orb flying low ,giant green orb very fast"
Blue crown light formation over Burnaby.
"Blue fireball first lit up cloud then fell below the cloud towards SE. Very 
visible and bright with long tail and 2-3 second viewing."
"The aircraft was silver and gray. It looked like an arrowhead. The lights 
were orange."
There was a bright flash of light.
"((CRAZY??)) The object was flying south bound in the sky. Looked like a 
giant orange/red candle flame. Was floating up and down."
"A solid red light that flashed green was stationary for 4 minutes and moved 
in one direction quickly then swayed left to right."
"We were on river front, looking up into the sky when we noticed a low 
flying gray triangle with a short tail..on this tail, between 6 a"
Flashing light high above Sequoia National Park on July 4th weekend.
silent orange ball of fiery light over Downers Grove, Illinois
"Myself my girlfriend and two other friends witnessed a bright Amber orb. 
((anonymous report))"
"Bright white light moving northerly to southerly, slowly dimming to 
unobservable, not ISS or aircraft, it lasted about 2 minutes."
Red spherical light with green moving light and no white light.
Craft after craft disappear under a clear starey night
Orange fireball heading east to west, then went upward and dissappeared.
Yellow light hovering in the sky. ((anonymous report))
"3 Moving Lights with Large Trails in Phoenix form a Triangle in the Night 
Sky"
"A bright green light, like a giant traffic light, lit up for 2 seconds, 
twice in 20 second illuminating five miles of mountain range."
"My boyfriend and l we're traveling toward Rutledge when we seen several 
glowing lights in the sky at first we thought maybe someone rea"
"Bright red circle hovering very high above in the Western sky towards 
Yantley, AL. Looked as if it was a planet such as Mars, but spark"
"I was sitting on my couch when i seen a object rising slowly into the air 
out of my window. Myself and 2 others went outside and watche"
"Sphere moved from north to west and hovered growing brighter and larger and 
then vanished without a trace"
"Saw three lights. The first started out low on the north horizon, moving 
from North to South. Second started in the same spot but seem"
"Revolving lights in clouds over village of Placitas. ((NUFORC Note: 
Advertising lights?? PD))"
"Red object with severe elevation changes and erratic movements during 
fireworks show in Lethbridge, Alberta."
"Multi-colored diamond or triangular shaped objects seen every night for the 
last 2-3 months."
"My wife saw multiple glowing angels in the sky often forming circles.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iVbZ9BkkWM She said it look"
Pulsating cigar-shape object going across the sky.
Strange moving object in Nortwest Medford, Oregon sky
"We were laying down looking at the stars... what seemed like 2 stars were 
stationary for a good moment.. then started moving apart."
"2 Sightings of Silent Fireballs: Very Fast and Very Low, sceptic witnesses 
convinced by second showing."
"From the northern skies of the Catskills a bright light started moving 
thirds us as we sat on our porch in Kerhonkson NY. The lights ar"
4 circles flying north to south in Fayetteville, NC on July 1, 2016.
I saw a very eerie, flying rectangle, moving smoothly and silently.
Bright white light disappears against bright blue sky
"A disc flew in a circular pattern and took off, all the while dropping 
flare-like remnants. ((anonymous report))"
((HOAX??)) Loud, low, but nothing there. ((anonymous report))
"Ball of light stands still and then takes off in a matter of seconds. 
((anonymous report))"
Very fast orange lights.
"Large bright green sphere speeds down instantly thought meteorite until it 
stopped for about 2 seconds and changed course east towards"
Fast, bright ball of light flying in the air.
"Two beams of slightly tinted green lights randomly floating across the sky 
sometimes crossing one another."
Strange sounds in White Center, WA.
"A line of large orange dots shape into a perfect triangle, stop, then 
disappear."
"Bright non-flickering light just above the hor.. Went from very bright to 
dull. The object is also stationary. ((anonymous report))"
"I saw in the sky what seemed to be a star, I happened to actually catch 
this one on video. ((NUFORC Note: Comm. airliner? PD))"
"Daughter and I were talking our telescope outside @ ~11pm when we were 
mystified by this gliding stream of orange and yellow lights."
Aircraft flying low and fast with lights out of sync.
"Large, red/orange fireball streaked across sky at aproximately 10:07 PM, in 
a West to East direction. Event lasted aproximately five se"
"I saw a strange flashing of green and red of a stationary object in the 
northern sky, before Mt Baldy/San Antonio Mtns. Then it changed"
"We saw the bright light and at first thought it was a bright planet in the 
sky beaming through the thick fog. We got our telescope and"
"We had a UFO sighting last night at 8pm above our home in Pacifica, CA. 
This is a drawing of the image focused through our telescope."
"Flying orange disk/ball objects side by side flying fast but a visible 
speed as an airplane for example."
Former student pilot sees an object that he cant explain.
((NUFORC Note: Witness provides no information. PD))
"((HOAX??)) June 30th, 2016, strange sighting in sky in Woodland 
Hills/Canoga Park, California. ((anonymous report))"
Cylinder shaped UFO Shavertown, Pennsylvania
"The craft was rectangular-long and skinny - about the length of a maybe two 
large passenger jets outline with hundreds of lights"
"All black rectangle, no lights, propelled and powered by unknown source 
followed by fighter jets."
"About 30 bright orange spheres moving slowly but steadily West to East 
towards New York City"
"My boyfriend and I were having a bonfire when he noticed a strange object 
in the sky moving east; it looked as though it was on fire bu"
"20+ strange lights, resembling stars with 4 red lines projecting out from 
underneath, seemed as close as the occasional airplane."
"There was a big light that looked like a blood moon then we realized that 
the object was giving off a red aura Then slowly floated away"
"There was a circle white light moving slowly in sky. Then 3 jets after 
another circled after it and then right by one of the jets when"
"Boxy cylinder/barrel shaped with flickering orange glow on one side moving 
slowly."
((HOAX??)) Four orbs, different directions.
High altitude motionless white cylinder in daytime.
Cluster of pulsing, shiny orbs viewed before sunset.
"Two circular white objects were observed; one was stationary and the other 
moved very rapidly past it."
2 White discs spotted near my home in West Chester Pennsylvania
Glowing Orange Fireball over Tigard Oregon
"Strange orange light appeared and mysteriously disappeared above clouds 
immediately."
"Please review the show of "American Monster" S1 / E5 "Shooting Phoenix." 
This show has absolutely nothing to do w/ UFOs."
Slow silent orange lights over Arlington, WA.
"I live in rural Missouri and last night at approximately 2230 the moon was 
not out and my neighbor and I where sitting on my porch. Fro"
Flashing red object seen in West Michigan sky, June 28, 2016, @ 22:25 hrs..
"Out my backyard , loking north east out onto midrivers drive. At approx 
22:15 a white and red diamond shaped light rose straight up int"
Small Triangle Shaped craft with Blinking Fuzzy balls performs corkscrew.
"Look like a star while it was still light out. Continued to watch it and it 
disappeared with what looked like smoke in it's place."
Black craft seen over Auburn, WA.
Black triangle UFO hovering East to West over a University Campus
Diamond-shaped UFO craft seen near Katy/Fulshear, TX by four individuals
"Seven pulsating red lights unlike any regular aircraft moving at low 
altitude, very slowly, headed N/NE at 00:30-Corvallis, MT"
"Observed a stationary bright crimson red , almost laser colored sphere in 
the north western sky . the object remained completely still"
"We were standing outside looking at the stars Monday evening and a bright 
light caught my attention and then quickly disappeared. Abou"
Triangular craft with lights in Swartz Creek
Strange red and white lights, single object, over Columbus, Ohio 6/27/16
"((HOAX??)) My neice and i noticed a half semi circle of double red lights, 
probibly 20' to 30', floating. (anonymous report))"
Red and green lights about trees 100 yards from house.
Bright white light fading and relighting as it was heading toward ground
"Driving south on 131 near Leonard Street exit in Grand Rapids. 
Blueish/green teardrop shaped craft suddenly appeared at a high rate of"
"Four very bright white lights in a row alternating with a red and a green 
when the white lights went out."
Bright silver flash in a straight line and extremely fast
Ufo seen flying into outerspace.
3 iridescent orbs flyin North to South with no noise
Photograph of an unidentified large cylindrical object in the air.
"The craft was moving from south to north hover over above continue north 
and then turn to the left small circle stop in Hoverd like it"
"Oval shaped disk w/15 degree increase towards center top; bright light 
w/thin beams extended to its side; shot up & disappeared."
"My son and I where setting in our backyard when my son looked up and said " 
what is that?" I looked and seen a black round di"
White orb to the north west above pikes peak has not moved still visable.
Bright sphere, moving slowly then disappears, over Columbus OH
"Glowing fire-like sphere over the ocean and shrunk till it vanished over 
the water."
"((HOAX??)) Out of the corner of my eye I seen a massive fireball falling. 
((anonymous report))"
"My husband and I were in our garage, and my husband caught a flash out of 
the corner of his eye we thought it was a meteor it wasn't w"
Moving white "star light" with flash in Georgia sky.
"Heard a low flying loud helicopter while standing outside at 11pm, both my 
husband and myself walked out to look and saw red blinking l"
"Went outside to enjoy one of my favorite nightly hobbies which is looking 
at the stars. Tonight there were about six long super bright"
"Orange fireball ball seen with weird smoke behind it moving at a pretty 
quick pace then slowing down."
Bright light that makes a square turn then back on path
Diamond shaped and Red in color with flame shooting out the back.
"Cigar shaped metal, silently hovering craft seen for 10 seconds in the sky 
northeast of Aldie Virginia which rotated then vanished."
"Bright white orb in mid afternoon while flying kites. ((NUFORC Note: 
Objects in photos are camera "lens flares." PD))"
"Was sitting in hot tub with girlfriend at 3:20 am very clear night looking 
up at stars when I noticed a light which looked like a star"
"Bright red/pink lights hovering over Tampa; appearing ascending high up and 
disappearing only to repeat pattern 3-4 times"
Vibrant White Flashing Sphere Moving Erratically.
Red/orange fireball.
Five bright yellow orbs with red flare on each.
"Small yellow light, intermittent light, then dark,light,then dark, then 
bright flash,then dark,light, dark then light,then bright flash"
"Triangle in the sky. Watch the angles as to connect the dots it will move 
as if hovering. Multiple times spotted."
Orange sphere streaking across the sky in Lorette, MB.
Blue-green disk holding position in western sky.
"1 large red orb going from N to S at approx. 9:45 p.m. on June 25th in 
Trumbull County Newton Falls Ohio no navigational"
"White light that made no noise, moved very fast, low moving, very bright, 
pulsates, able to disappear and reappear in a blink of an eye"
"Orange fiery cylinder traveling slowly across the night sky. ((anonymous 
report)) ((NUFORC Note: Possible airliner in Sun? PD))"
Glowing orange square like object flying in sky
((HOAX??)) Long orange diagonal lights over Tehachapi Mountains.
"A light orb like object flew above a parachuter it made an umbrella like 
light Ray then took off at fast speed"
"Viewed circular UFO through binoculars it remained stationary more than an 
hour. It was located at approximately 11:00 in the WSW sky v"
ORANGE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS.
"Bright light moving across the sky, initially thought to be a fast moving 
satellite, stopped and went the other way."
Shiny cylindrical object.
"Facing west, I looked out my windshield and saw a large, blue orb shaped 
object shoot across the sky."
"Brief brilliant flash of light in the SW sky in Vegas. Like a light burning 
out."
"Dark cylinder with lights @ both end, speed approx 300 km/h @ 2000 feet 
going in straight line @ approx 340 deg. North without noise,"
Saw large object after power went out in area.
Slow moving fireball.
Silver/translucent spiral-ribbed object over the Elkhorns
Cylindrical object disappeared in clear skies.
It was excatly like the craft in the Predator movie!!! >>>
"Witnessed a starlike object moving around in the night sky in various 
patterns."
"10-15 yellow orbs floating upward, then east to west, before they descended 
and disappeared."
Dancing Orbs and military triangular craft Near Mountain Home, ID
"2 stationary white lights in a cluster with one brighter with several 
smaller lights just as bright. 2 clusters, NW and Eastern sky."
Yellowish/orange light observed by two people following a jet airplane.
"Looking up at the stars around 10:20 (EDT), when I observed what looked to 
be a shooting star."
"Two white circular lights (orbs) hovering near the roof top four houses 
away from my next-door neighbor's backyard."
They appeared to be ordinary stars in the sky.
Red/Fiery object (or plane) in sky; Loud humming noise.
Very shiny object in the sky.
Silent vibrating disc flashes, and disappears.
"3 objects flying in erratic motion high in sky observed from my 3rd floor 
east southeast window facing window. After observing for seve"
"A fast-moving, pentagon-shaped object rapidly transiting across the 
norhtern face of the moon."
"Two objects ones flying at a super rate and disappeared the other hovering 
then disappeared"
"It rose up into the sky and to the blind eye it was just a bright light but 
in my camera it changed colors. It moved up and down and ba"
"Formation of approx 9 orange lights flew in formation over Watertown. 
Appeared to hover then moved on. ((anonymous report))"
"My wife and kids went into a 7-Eleven I was parked outside and the sun roof 
of my car was open and I happen to look up and there was ci"
"((HOAX??)) Super bright light, circular, reflective, faded out and/or moved 
away at very high speed. ((anonymous report))"
"It was white. It looked like a Tylonol tablet with a grayish/blabk ring 
around the center. Moving to quick to be a blimp."
"10-12 orange flickering spheres going N to S, horizon to horizon in about 
20-25 seconds."
"My daughter and I were sitting on the front porch when we noticed a red 
light with a goldish white light that surrounded it It was movi"
Unknown flying object spotted.
"Strange, nondescript propeller planes flying in a circular pattern over 
Lanktree and Can-Ada road."
"Objects were seen out below the north star. Both circular objects were red 
and moving independently of each other in a small diameter."
"Red plane looking light that flashes blue and white, moved horizontally and 
suddenly flew down"
"sitting outside we noticed a diamond shape object with bright red blue and 
white lights the object darted back and forth."
"Silver and possibly partially transparent craft approximately 1000 ft. in 
altitude; maybe 15 ft. in length; moving very fast in a perfe"
4 white objects sationary in the sky on edge of storm cloud
"Observed obj. with different color lights flashing. Obj. was slower than 
airplanes that were flying by it. Obj. stopped in mid air."
Pulsating ball of light over mount Sinai, NY; takes off in an instant.
"Oval shaped solid object non illuminated hovering motionless approximately 
2000 ft over the East River of Manhattan, NYC."
"3 red orange lights moving up and down by the Emerald Isle bridge across 
the sound in the same spot they would disappear then reappear"
"IT WAS SEEN THROUGH OUR DINING ROOM WINDOW. BRIGHTER THAN AN LED LIGHT AND 
SOMEWHAT CIRCULAR IN SHAPE, THE LIGHTS ALL ORB LIKE. THE LIG"
Shiny bright oval S by SW.
Fireball in sky over Aberdeen.
Donut shaped craft or large balloon.
"Bright, White lights in sky over the foothills with one seperating and 
rejoining, moving southeast, faded out."
"Single round red object was seen hovering in the eastern sky and moving at 
high speed with erratic flight path."
"06/20/16, 3:30 Wisc. Crescent shape Watched for 30 sec. or so Amer / orange 
lights."
Bright luminous green UFO.
Massive aircraft hovering just above tree-line. ((anonymous report))
"A number of glowing objects red, green and yellow. They were moving in a 
group in the sky. No sound. It was hard to tell their size"
"Sky opens portal and orb shoots through it and begins to travel. ((NUFORC 
Note: No portal. Lens flares. PD))"
"A jet was flying west at the normal altitude that I see jets flying 
everyday. I know from visual experience how far apart jets need to"
White transparent circular shape following airplane.
UFO over Green Valley, Arizona.
Strange noise by Indian Ridge.
Silver thing over Buena Park/Anaheim/Fullerton.
"Seven 'Light spheres' - in synchronicity moving in the sky - unlike 
anything my wife and I have ever seen. Ever."
"20 minute large triangle, no lights no noise only pulsing/pressure then 
segmented."
"Spotted 12 solid red lights flying in the formation of a triangle slow 
moving across the night sky."
3 orange lights. ((anonymous report))
"Bright red round object appeared above a building and was stationary for 
about 3-4 minutes. Suddenly descended and moved quickly to the"
Two red lights hovering near Irish Hills.
Orange sphere/fireball in sky. ((anonymous report))
Ball of fire/ energy crossing sky from E to W at Lake Vermilion, MN.
"My niece, husband and I, saw 2 orange slow moving lights moving across the 
sky. I looked through my binoculars. ((anonymous report))"
"My niece, and I saw 5 bright orange lights moving fast across the sky. They 
were moving faster than an a/c. ((anonymous report))"
"Individually each light appeared exactly like witnessing a satellite with 
the naked eye. ((anonymous report))"
"Was outside looked in sky over Carthage college saw 3-4 red lights in sky 
just sitting in one spot. ((anonymous report))"
((HOAX??)) Large object dispersed two smaller objects. ((anonymous report))
"The object was an orange/red circle that did not move for about 60 seconds 
until it faded away. ((anonymous report))"
"Two chevron shaped objects, one with white lights one with red lights, 
could stand still and could move quickly with no sound"
Circular objects over Beaver County.
Multiple Bright orange object above Santa Clara/Eugene
Black drone shaped UFO flies slowly over Chicago and ORD on June 18, 2016.
"Large round orange glowing ball, traveling straight across as fast a plane. 
((anonymous report))"
"Small round stationary object randomly winking light and fading away from 
clarity."
A white circular object hovering in the sky above any planes.
"((HOAX??)) A moving Rod in the sky that vanished in less than 3 minutes. 
((anonymous report))"
Two vessels appeared in a picture.
"Round craft, bright in center, no sound, slowly moving west to east, 
hovered twice."
Orange orbs accross sky.
Rectangular Objects Spotted in Daylight in Greensboro, NC.
((HOAX??)) Triangular aircraft off side of I-264. ((anonymous report))
((HOAX??)) Lights in the sky. ((anonymous report))
Several large fireballs over Ohio, near country side.
((HOAX??)) Star orbs with large red auras. ((anonymous report))
"We saw one large orange ball of light move over the ocean very 
purposefully. It reached a spot on the horizon and disappeared. Momen"
8 objects witnessed over Long Island, NY.
8 objects witnessed over Long Island, NY.
Orange globe shot out the top of the cloud.
"Extremely bright, continuoulsy luminous, object moving silently eastward 
for several minutes, then disappearing in a few seconds."
"A planet like object with tethered satellite that orbited in about 10 
seconds and exploded into hundreds of pieces, remaining visible."
Bright white sphere traveling east to west.
"Saw bright object at appx 35,000'. Pulsating light, changing color. Moving 
slowly to the left and right. Shaped like a light bulb."
Two tube-shaped bars or cylinders floating over Route 22.
"Two white explosions in space witnessed in Orlando, looking south towards 
Saturn."
"Very large triangular craft moving extremely fast at relatively low 
altitude. Approx. 3-5000 feet? ((anonymous report))"
"Flashing Chevron shuttle spotted in Kuna, Id. I was able to capture a video 
as well."
Very bright light in motion over western Michigan.
A blue laser like search light and a dim glowing green figure 3 feet tall.
"((HOAX)) It was massive I notice the lights were in and out but only in 
certain areas. ((anonymous report))"
"We see a diamond shape craft with 4 white lights at the four corners and a 
dim red light in the center."
"((HOAX??)) Large fireball reddish/orange color flying obj. going very slow, 
maybe about 250' up in air going NE. ((anonymous report))"
A singular bright light under cloud line; lasted 4 seconds and disappeared.
"Something with bright red lights just zoomed by my window in the sky. 
((anonymous report))"
Large cluster of very bright white lights floating at steady pace.
"Black object heading east to west, very high, and looked like two merkabas 
next to each other"
"Eight bright lights four bigger lights on the corners four smaller lights 
in the middle."
"The UFO/plane/missile was very high and traveling very fast. The direction 
of flight was from Area 51 towards the Edwards Air Force bas"
"I photographed 1oval shaped green mass and 1sphere shaped blue orb from a 
construction site on Elsworth afb both objects were moving in"
White Sphere materializes out of vapor trail.
Bright, white object easily seen with naked eye NOT moving
Four glowing balls hovering right in front of me.
Multiple aircraft. ((anonymous report))
Four diamond lights. ((anonymous report))
Very bright lights moving at various speeds.
((HOAX??)) White lights in saucer like pattern. ((anonymous report))
"A girlfriend and I, both passengers in the vehicle, witnessed twinkling 
lights on an oval-geometric-shaped object in the night time sky"
Orange fireball craft, moved like an airplane.
Yellowish/orange/fiery sphere seen in PA countryside sky
"Unusual light moving across the sky. ((NUFORC Note: Overflight of 
International Space Station. PD))"
Large bright white light moving up to the sky.
"2 credible witnesses saw a massive, "V" shaped UFO, appearing to bend the 
atmosphere while moving slowly overhead."
"A bright flash in sky that was green/blue. Two min. later a bright light 
appeared in sky moving extremely fast. ((anonymous report))"
Large white light coming down in a controlled manner
"Orange, slow moving, maneuvering "plasma-like" fireball object. Deliberate 
direction change. Low altitude."
Two slow moving, then hovering, objects in night sky.
"I am a security guard and as I was doing my patrol SW across the street 
parking area of Comcast Pompano Beach I looked at the s"
"I saw a strange dark black square Unidentified Flying Object flying very 
very high in the sky, flying fast."
"Clear, bright morning, 11:05 am, saw a pure white cylinder-shaped object in 
the sky above the tree lines, sailing fast. No wings."
"Traveling S on Mass. I-95 approaching exit 49 I observed a very shiny 
triangular shaped craft. ((anonymous report))"
"Bright flash of light illuminated dark bedroom as bright as midday but with 
no sound-6th time it's happened in 5 years."
light lightspeed vanished. ((anonymous report))
Bright circular light over North Phoenix, then disappears.
"Falling or landing ball of light over Home Depot in Warrington, PA, 9 pm at 
night."
Unusual object above the Swan Mountains.
Bright white/blue halo over Phoenix.
Craft repeatedly above the South Bend airport (drone or what?)
"Late night, on a mountain relatively close to my home, I encountered this 
green light streak across the sky. Heading in the north-west"
MULTIPLE ORANGE FUZZY LIGHTS IN PALO ALTO.
Orange lights over Kure Beach, NC.
Five stationary lights in sky consisting of a series of vertical lights.
"Odd trio of orange lights looking north toward LAX on evening of June 12, 
2016"
Dark sky, cylinder with light and clouds in it swirling around.
Light/bright sphere in sky.
"Spherical UFO with rotating light spotted moving south over the Puget Sound 
and Narrows Bridge."
"I did not see a definite craft of sorts but heard a very distinct sound. It 
felt like an engine."
"Orange orb spotted on north side of Indianapolis near Castleton area. 
((anonymous report))"
"Bright orange lights speeding across Rt 95 in Lower Makefield, PA. 
((anonymous report))"
"Driving S on a major hwy. in the city a red/orange large bell shaped object 
seemed to float thousands of feet. ((anonymous report))"
"Take a look on Fox News story, "How evil is Hillary and Bill Clinton," with 
Bret Baier which has a date of June 12, 2016."
"Take a look on Fox News story, "How evil is Hillary and Bill Clinton", with 
Bret Baier which has a date of June 12, 2016. Wh"
4 QUIET BRIGHT RED LIGHTS IN SKY of LAGUNA BEACH - VIDEO ON PHONE.
Weird maneuvers by bright lights.
"Red/orange fireball circle closer to ground for 2 minutes. Quickly raised 
up and went up and to the right quickly and vanished. Within"
Glowing orange brilliant orb seen over Bloomsburg, PA.
Bright White Pulsating Light/Orb over La Puente residence.
"At ~23:00 hrs. a bright white light hovered over the G. of Mexico. It 
hovered in one spot for 10-15 min. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
Blue idle star moves erractically and is red while in motion.
Bright Orange Balls at Fish Lake near Duluth, MN.
Red glowing object crossing the sky.
4 Orange fire orbs in the sky.
Orange orb.
12 Orange lights in a single line formation
Glowing fire ball very bright and fast just disappeared after a few minutes.
Nine multoclored flashing objects in formation, flying over my house.
"Approximately 21:30pm, 06/11/16, unidentified light formation seen moving 
slowly in night sky over Dothan, Alabama."
"On 11JN16, at 20:00 in Newburgh, IN, at St. Johns Catholic Church a close 
relative of mine and myself witnessed what appeared to be 2"
"A cigar-shaped craft w/ a highly reflective surface heading south then 
southeast."
"Diamond-ish rotating yellow and blue object slowly traveling NW over San 
Fernando valley."
Weird shaped object towards South Mountain by Laveen 6-11-16.
"Saw an orange colored circular object moving in the clouds. This was no 
plane or helicopter. ((anonymous report))"
White dot/sphere seen by four campers mid-day.
"((HOAX??)) Was standing outside at a cemetery, my whole family was there. I 
was looking up at planes (like I do often)."
Nine bright orange orbs drifted over Cranston, RI.
"((HOAX??)) Fast same elevation as a plane with many planes in the area to 
get a reference in appearance. ((anonymous report))"
5 plus orange lights over the south land of Chino, CA.
"My son and I were outside talking and I looked up and saw what looked like 
an average star moving across the sky faster than any jet at"
"Me and my roommate was talking on the back deck of my house while gazing at 
the stars. My roommate said to me look and I turned my head"
"Star-like object, 4 to 5 times bigger than Mars, with no sound, slowly 
travelling from over head to the south then slowly dimmed out"
"((NUFORC Note: Witness provides no information; elects to remain anonymous. 
PD))"
Star like objects moving across the sky.
"A triangle of one white light at the tip and 2 red slowly blinking lights. 
This was caught on tape. Hovered over the area."
"Very slow moving single fireball falling from high in sky. Was triangular 
in shape, definitely flames."
Flying down from sky, green/red firelike object. 10:05 pm.
Bright green light sparking in sky near Lake Jordan.
"A green unknown shaped aircraft came crashing down from the sky. It 
appeared to be blowing up as it was coming down."
"I saw a whire light appear between two stars in the night sky that split 
into two lights and each flew off in opposite directions"
"A light that was scanning area turned straight at us and advanced very 
quickly and stopped about a 1000ft out stayed there for a m"
I observed something very strange on evening of June 10, 2016.
"4 small dots in square formation next to 3 small dots in triangle formation 
in the sky. All of these dots moved. ((anonymous report))"
"I've spoken with you before. Wife shooting airplane and moon. Anomaly 
appeared in image 2 of 3 only. Facing west. Airplane probably ori"
"Bright light with an a flash of an orange tail before disappearing behind 
the tall buildings dt Seattle."
Large saucer-shaped ball of light discharging orange sparks.
"Bright white star like with alternating red and green light in center. 
((NUFORC Note: "Twinkling" stars?? PD))"
"We saw lights, 2, then four BIG lights, then near this light start like 
coming out small lights moving different directions."
POSSIBLE UFO. ((anonymous report))
Zig-zag formation spotted over Fredericksburg, VA.
Bright shinning cirular craft hovering over Business 85 N.
Possibly two UFOs over Florence, KY. ((anonymous report))
Silver-white cigar shaped object(s) floating above the Grand Strand.
"((HOAX??)) Glowing ball of light seen twice going north over the st Mary's 
river. ((anonymous report))"
Several orbs in the morning sky off Alexander Road near Provindence Road.
"Was setting on my porch last night with my daughter and wife when we heard 
a very loud aircraft sound to the north and then silent. T"
"Flanders NY duration 2minutes bright round white light heading South 
Eastern posted 06/08/16"
"Flanders, NY. Duration: 2minutes. Bright round white light heading South 
Eastern. Posted 06/08/16."
bright light in sky suddenly vanishes. ((anonymous report))
Satellite-looking object acts strange over Disneyland. (Disneyland UFO)
4 bright lighted ufos over Palm Springs, CA.
"Red streak in the sky, followed by a flying black disc with a flashing red 
light."
4 Bright Red lights coming over Indio Hills
Small flashing object. ((anonymous report))
UFO captured in hiker's photo in South Lake Tahoe
Black helicopters.
Saw an oval lit object then a strobe light shortly thereafter.
"Bright light in NW night sky that changed color and locations ( and in 
number) rapidly before zooming away…"
Mysterious lightning above woods up Fall Creek Oregon
"Flashing circular object that has been seen numerous of times moving slow 
and sometimes fast."
Fireballs in the SoCal night sky.
Sighting in Milwaukee?
"A circle and the lights were going in all directions then came to the 
middle as 1, & started over. ((NUFORC Note: Adv. Lights? PD))"
Leap-frogging lights. ((anonymous report))
"My husband and I were on cherry Grove pier fishing and all of a sudden 
there was a glowing red light and then another showed up as one"
"The sighting my mother and I saw was at approximately 10:00 pm at night, 10 
miles before hitting our town Buffalo, MO."
"Large green fireball. ((NUFORC Note: Possible meteor?? Anonymous report. 
PD))"
Balls of blinding lights moving quickly through yard.
Golden Circular vehicles seen in Naperville.
Bright moving light with flashes around it.
"((HOAX??)) We saw 3 white lights in the sky; they were blinking at 
different spots in a pattern. The pattern stayed in the same spot."
Comment on submitted report
Orb, silver, metallic; no sound.
"One black floating cylinder shaped object moved in air floating ...turned 
like it was being driven from horizontal to vertical."
"On June 6, 2016, at approximately 2pm, while driving home on the 680 
freeway in Pleasanton, Ca. I saw objects in the sky that caught my"
"Bright streak of light St. Charles, MO. ((anonymous report)) ((NUFORC Note: 
We suspect a possible meteor. PD))"
"I witnessed a very bright flash in the NW sky. It last for only a second or 
two. ((NUFORC Note: Probable meteor?? PD))"
"Roundish shaped object about size of basketball, bright white on front, 
flames out back on multi-second descent from sky."
"Spindle-shaped object with no wings, no sound, no vapor trail seen in clear 
sky in daylight."
"Saw the light falling from the sky very quickly and disappear before 
hitting ground. ((NUFORC Note: Meteor? Anonymous report. PD))"
"Early this morning while I was on my back porch waiting for my dogs to go 
number one and too,I Witnessed an orange colored orb to the w"
Still photo capture of 4 lights with unusual movement in the night sky.
"Wife and I saw a circle obj. that looked like a star moving NW. As it moved 
across the sky, it got really bright. ((anonymous report))"
"Two separate occasions... red balls traveling northbound through center of 
sky. First one seemed to "burn out" after a bit."
bright white light
"A replay of what has been happening since 6/1/2012 here in Middletown, a 
lot of UFOs moving all over in our sky."
2 sparkling streaks in Colorado.
Shiny saucer/disk sighted over Como, NC.
Beyond our technology.
Color changing single light speeds over Anchorage, Alaska.
Red dots in formation over Santa Clarita. ((anonymous report))
"Multiple continuously-luminous craft, flying silently at very high speed, 
with irregular greenish flashes."
"Just sitting out side; bright orange ball from the N to the S. no noise or 
flashing lights. right over the house."
"100 plus ppl have sighting at CITD Conf/ of 10 very fast muliple colored 
objects. ((Report submitted by Melinda Leslie, MUFON.))"
"During fireworks show, obj. a half mile or so due E in the distance, w/ 
colored lights seen flashing lights quickly. ((anon. report))"
Strange orange lights over Lakeland 6-4-16 12:35.
"4 bright-red lights took off seemingly from the ground in the southern sky. 
They all, in line, went straight up a small distance, then"
"There wass 3 ball like objects moving very quickly through the sky. They 
slowed after a minute then disappeared one at a time. Just as"
Large flickering light.
"Me and my daughters witnessed a sudden a circle bright orange object came 
through the trees shining."
Blue and white sphere close to the ground South of Des Moines, IA.
Red light over small town of Nappannee.
Reddish orange and whitish fireballs.
"Reddish orange and whitish fireballs with lights inside of them by our 
campsite."
Round, white, non-blinking light traveling from the SW to the NW.
Three black objects spotted rising south into the evening sky.
Metallic sphere hovering over edge of Folsom lake, California.
Metallic disk in sky east Lancaster, CA. ((anonymous report))
Slow, low floating triangular orbs, self-obscured, self generated cloud.
Small bright white lights apppear in a starry sky
"((HOAX?? DATE IS FLAWED)) Faster then anything I've ever seen ((anonymous 
report))"
"Four glowing spheres. Two were orange, side by side, two were blue in a 
diagonal line, connected by a white glowing beam."
"2 of my son's and 2 friends while at Baker middle school playing football 
when noticed something towards Fern hill elementary school fl"
"Bright steady light traveling across sky. ((NUFORC Note: Not the ISS at the 
time indicated. PD))"
Flying saucer over Lincoln Park, Michigan.
Bright red/orange non pulsing lights observed over metropolitan area.
"Blueish-greyish flashes of light at 6-10 second intervals, moving stars 
(couldn't have been planes or satellites), triangle in the sky."
Floating orange ball of light, then zipped out into space.
"One huge cigar and one huge rectangular object floating over S.F. Bay just 
north of San Francisco.."
"Looked like an orange ball of light (thought it was a meteor) dropping down 
from the sky. ((anonymous report))"
"Burning object with comet like tail failing from sky it then disappeared, 
then Reappeared looked as if if remained stationary for about"
"Shape looked like a snake. It changed form several times. Definitely not a 
balloon. I have photos. No explanation for this."
9 orange lights cruising then ascending and vanishing
((HOAX??)) Orange lights slowly circling in the sky. ((anonymous report))
"Red, silent fast moving lights heading east and northeast toward coast. 
((anonymous report))"
"At 10:15 last my family decides to go star gazing. We were looking for 
constellations when we noticed two bright yellow/"
"Repeatedly flashing light seen illuminating night sky in same area of sky. 
No weather events were occurring at this time. Light was ver"
"((HOAX??)) Seen star like object move from side to side flash and then 
disappear. ((anonymous report))"
Tumbling red cylinder moving very slowly, then disappeared.
Morphing/Pulsating Orb.
"Red light-appr. 9 feet round-inside my room. Woke me up with brightness. 
This is my 3rd sighting-- same location. 7miles west of popla"
"Moving starlike light circled around area over the course of night, dimming 
out at dawn"
"When me and my were walking out my house, we saw a bright light and we 
thought it was airplane then we thought it was helicopter."
Bluish, to red/orange, formation of circle or oval, swormed and traveled
"3 bright dots and 3 bright lines nearly connecting them-outlining a perfect 
triangle floating still and bright, high in the S sky."
Crescent-shaped UFO observed during fireworks show.
Bright yellow pulsating light, 3 sec. And exploded into a white light.
"There was a bright light, multiple bass booms and then crazy trails left in 
the sky. ((NUFORC Note: Reported as meteor. PD))"
It turned the Phoenix area in to full daylight....
"Gigantic fireball lit up the night sky just like it was daylight. E sky, N 
Phoenix. Huge contrail was left in the sky. ((meteor??))"
"Driving into work I saw a sudden bright blue light almost like lighting 
over the mountains behind the airport. At first I thought it wa"
"Flash of light in the sky followed by a boom, followed by smoke trails that 
appear in uneven circles. ((NUFORC Note: Meteor? PD))"
Bright light swell, north of Phoenix.
"Bright flash in sky followed by loud distant boom. ((NUFORC Note: Reported 
to have been a meteor. PD))"
"Large fireball with long tail traveling north to south s.e. of Vegas. 
((NUFORC Note: Reported to have been a meteor. PD))"
"Bright flash followed by fireball falling from sky seen over PHX INT 
airport restricted air space. ((NUFORC Note: Meteor?? PD))"
Bright light from sky.
Spaceship like something we could make soon, very basic
"Dark Red Sharks Tooth shaped UFO over Hyannis. Flew across night sky in 5 
seconds"
Flashing red lights that spread out amd disappeared over 35 min. Time span
"Walking my dog, facing south in New Lenox, IL, we saw a light move across 
the sky at a very fast speed, lasted a second or less."
"06/01/16 1:00pm. Sighted two very large aircraft 1 flying due east to west 
2nd due north to south. Both off white, not markings side o"
Glowing Amber Floating barrel size object.
"Daylight UFO sighting where I filmed a red, yellow/white, and blue object 
tumbling upward in the sky."
"Orange firework flare west to east that was silent. ((NUFORC Note: Probable 
meteor?? PD))"
"All white circular light, red and green blinking lights- hovered, came 
closer, then zoomed over the house"
Bright light in sky seen by two sisters over East Greenwich, RI
"((NUFORC Note: Anonymous source of report provides no information. Date is 
flawed. PD))"
"Object flew over house very close and quiet almost had a whooshing sound. 
Plane fly over house all the time this was not a plane"
"Identified (sic. Unidentified??) small sphere next to jet airliner while 
flying near Pittsburgh."
4 x-shaped flying objects.
"WHITE LIGHT SIZE OF SOFTBALL, MOVING BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN TREES WITH 
SMALL ORBS FOLLOWING OR HANGING OUT IN TREES."
Bright amber sphere, with one smaller sphere on each side of the craft.
Seen a lighting cloud and next to it was a bright circle shining.
"Two objects were seen trailing each other approximately 400 ft. apart with 
a orange glow. No sound; commercial aircraft's were in area."
"We seen four bright orange triangler object two within 30sec of each other 
and another two about five minutes after. No sound and and m"
Glowing orange ball steady on SE course over Atlantic.
Light which looked like a star but flew by very fast. ((anonymous report))
"I was looking at Mars through a telescope when I looked up and I saw it 
moving, had no flashing lights. I first thought it was a plane"
Monday May 30th NE Phoenix, 7th Street and Paradise LN.
"2 separate oval orange lights, not blinking, no sounds, were flying low 
should have heard engines, moving very slowly then disappears."
Black chevron floating upright.
Round bright whit light that move from one horizon to the other.
"((HOAX??)) 2:30 a.m. pitch black out. I saw a circular object sitting still 
in sky. Had 3 or 4 extremely bright white lights on it."
Rotating cylinder.
Bright white object seen zig-zagging across Northern Minnesota near Ely.
Up to 10 ufos changing shape and color, all were silent..
Fireball changing directions over Auburn.
"Small, triangular-shaped craft flying westerly, late Sunday evening of 
Memorial Day Weekend 2016"
"3 of us were in my back yard and seen a bright blue light slightly blinking 
and sometimes red lights in center. ((anonymous report))"
"Bright, amber-white colored object moved across the sky for 3 minutes in an 
undulating motion."
"Three red, yellow spherical objects flickering and pulsating; larger than 
an airplane lights; in a triangular formation flying in the n"
formation of three lights seen then disappear
Two orange lights in the sky of Cumming Georgia
Orange lights in the sky over Cumming, Georgia.
"On Sunday, May 29, 2016 at approximately 10:00 pm I saw two (2) rectangular 
shaped objects moving parallel to one another.

They came"
"We seen four bright orange triangler object two within 30sec of each other 
and another two about five minutes after. No sound."
White light that makes quick 360 degree turns.
"Triangle like formation of 4 circles that appears to get dim then light up 
as it disappeared and reappeared. ((anonymous report))"
"I saw 5 lights floating in a formation.. They "burned out" or "turned off" 
one by one... I tok a video and tried to"
A group of 15-20 lights over Port St. Lucie, Florida.
Armada of 15-20 red, orange, and white lights over Port St. Lucie, Florida.
Red pulsating, round, small, silent UFO observed twice above very tall tree.
Bright orange light/Dome- or Bulb-Shaped Craft.
"((HOAX??)) Craft flying one on top of eachother no lights color black 
dimond shape direction west to east no noise or lights."
"Drone-like object. No sound. No light. No noticeable means of propulsion. 
North part of town."
Black cross-shaped tumbling object. No lights or sound.
Single bright white light defies thunderstorm, lands.
"An orange ball shaped object suddenly arose in west, changed to a rectangle 
going east, light began pulsating before it disappeared."
"Black oblong/rectangular ufo tumbling and turning without gaining much 
altitude"
"Outside taking pics of clouds saw nothing with until looked at pics on cell 
phone shocked to see a gray sphere with white square specs,"
A shadow moving across mountain peaks which cause could not be determined.
Circular object with red, white and blue flashing lights
looked like a tiny show of white sparkling lights
"While stargazing, an ultra fast moving, glowing (white/yellow) object 
appeared in a clear, cloudless sky. ((anonymous report))"
"Looking out of my window, I saw a giant triangle, and then I fell asleep. 
((anonymous report))"
Strange that these lights were moving in formation.
"((HOAX??)) Large light, changing from green to red, moving erratically with 
great speed in western sky."
"They were small bright orange circles. Sometimes together. Moving slowly. 
Sometimes moving beside each other,other times going differen"
"on the Night of May 28, 2016 My husband was on the patio at our condo and 
noticed a bright red object hoovering in the sky he proceeded"
"I was sitting in the back patio the sky was clear I noticed a set of bright 
elongated lights moving from west to east over Ayers Rd for"
"A UFO was photographed in my back yard, May 28, 2016 at 9:30 PM. It was 
caught on my Game night camera. ((NUFORC Note: Insect? PD))"
Low flying fireball with very clear visible flames, heading north.
Two orange lights flying over Pine River Pond and then disappear.
"Round object, turned from solid metal to red light before disappearing. 
((anonymous report))."
"UFO caught on camera over lake in Colorado. (See video.) ((NUFORC Note: We 
suspect the objects are birds. PD))"
"Too far away to see but 2 light colored white shapes moving all over the 
place in one area near airport. ((anonymous report))"
Chrome sphere near ammunition plant.
"I was out walking my dog. I noticed an bright orange circular object 
floating slowly mid sky. It looked like it was barely moving. Then"
Orangish-red circular object seen north of Sun City AZ
"Blink One Time White and Blink One Time Red but Nothing There At All. 
((anonymous report))"
Separate very bright white lights me in different directions.
Light orange/white/yellow 'Fireball' sighting in Milliken, CO.
"Large, discus shaped object silently hovering 60-70 ft AGL in front of my 
home. Surface smooth, & glowing orange-white."
Riding my bike at 11:11pm near my motel.
"Huge yellowish and orange fireball coming down in the southern St. 
Petersburg area."
Blue to bright red spherical light over Selfridge Airforce Base; landed.
Witnessed a craft, which I cannot explain.
((HOAX??)) Pink floating orb? ((anonymous report))
Bright Light traveling fast in sky!!!
"I was walking my dog when I saw this light in the sky. I'm a plane buff so 
I tend to look up at the sky. This light I spotted seemed to"
"Friday the 27th of May at 10pm noticed a light flashing in the sky NE of 
Phoenix"
Light formations.
"9:00 pm Northern CA cluster of lights shaped like a boomerang stationary in 
the southern sky."
Ball of fire falling westward from the sky.
Triangular object spotted over Tampa 5/26/16 9:30 pm.
"multi-colored lights (3 - red middle light), blinking in irregular 
patterns. Seen North of Modesto, near cross streets Orangeburg and O"
"((HOAX??)) Silver oblong craft traveling fast crossed the horizon. N to S 
dir.. Visible in the daylight sky for approx. 3245 sec."
"3 grey metallic oblong objects flying in very tight, regular formation 
alongside junction of Route 2 & Route 11 just W of Colchester."
"Witnessed stars moving, strange crafts, view distortion, and orbs in the 
clouds."
2 cigar/rectangular UFOs floating over San Francisco.
"I was on my way home from work and noticed a low flying craft in the sky. 
It moved extremely slow and at times would stop. I had to tur"
"((HOAX??)) I WITNESSED THREE BRIGHT BLUE FLASES IN THE SOUTHERN SKY WHILE I 
WAS LAYING ON THE BEACH."
"Lights seem to be hazy and red orange on outer edges and a yellow flame in 
the middle; objects seem to flicker and pulse."
"My daughter and I were out on the balcony, facing east, watching the stars. 
I saw a white light moving from south to east."
UFO sighted near Eldorado at Santa Fe.
"Large black tube shaped object, 50 ft long, began to ascend into the sky in 
a slow "swimming" motion, until it was no longer visible."
Silver shiny cylindrical object low in sky in broad daylight.
3 white round objects moving NE over Brighton, CO, this morning.
Flashing light moving in a zigzag pattern
"There were 4 things in the sky, couldn't make out the shape. The we're all 
in the western sky with red and green flashing lights. Loo"
"Observed a high altitude flashing light, initially thought it was a 
aircraft, however the flight path was irradic and the flash was als"
6 bright yellowish lights.
"Yellowish lights across the sky with a rapid departure witnessed by husband 
and wife central MO. ((Witness is former law enforcement.))"
"Bright Red/green squarish lights (6) flying one at a time over Emerald 
Island from sea to sound side towards mainland"
"Flashing red and white lights spaced apart in a triangle form. Sight in all 
seasons even when there are no stars visable."
White cigar shaped object seen during the day in clear sky.
"A father and son witness an egg-shaped object streak from N to S. No sound 
or trail; the sun appeared to reflect on it."
"Large bright long light sitting on Pacific Ocean's horizon off coast of 
Carlsbad, California."
"Observed an orange, low flying, fast moving, silent, fireball like obj. 
crossing the sky, E to W. Moments later a second one followed."
"Unbelievable noise, perfect triangular formation of lights, on a dark 
overcast night."
"Transformer buzz while camping on the lake, and observed three moving 
lights which appeared as stars blink out from left to right."
Multiple craft seem to witness black meteor approach over Grand Rapids, MI.
"There were 3 lights dancing around each other as if they were playing. 
((anonymous report))"
"3 Oval Orange Shaped Disks hovering over Oneida Lake on East Side of 
Syracuse."
From my address incoming due south approximately over Lake Maggorie.
"In the northwest sky a yellow light appeared then a second, then a third 
between the first two"
"I was dropping of my grandaughter with my wife. We were head back to the 
west side of town where we live i looked up toward the horizen"
Hovering sphere of white blue red lights over West TN.
Formation of bright non-flashing lights hovering; too large to be a plane.
Formation of lights.
"Seen a tringle red orange lights craft moving slowly from north to south 
west above my house in Greeley. ((anonymous report))"
Colour orange and yellow mic like fire.
Red glowing object.
"Triangular Fire object slowly lifts off the coast, then moves south at a 
steady rate of speed while increasing altitude."
"Bright purple objects were seen falling from the sky before a large white 
sphere moved across the sky towards Mountainburg."
Fast moving blinking red light that just disappeared after a couple minutes.
"Saw about a dozen balls of fire in the sky, some traveling together, moving 
north to south in a time frame of about 15-20 minutes."
"What looked like a car with 2 white headlights and 2 red break lights 
headed in NE dir.. May have landed. ((anonymous report))"
"((HOAX))((NUFORC Note: All contact information is bogus. PD)) Triangular 
craft taking photos or absorbing power."
Freak lightning storm with ORB photographed and recorded.
"3 white lights in a triangle shape in the west sky, beneath the moon , then 
started moving individually in a circular pattern, the bott"
"Red and green lights on silent flying object at ~50 feet height and ~50 
yard distance from me."
"We were outside having a fire an saw the reddish orange glowing balls in 
the sky. They were coming from the north heading siuth."
"Several reddish-orange lights in a near figure 8 formation appeared in the 
SE sky for approximately 2-3 minutes before going"
Bright variable speed light over Maple Grove, MN.
"Formation of 12 steady white lights floats from west to east, slowly 
ascending, over Mission Valley, San Diego."
Glowing orange dots chevron formation.
"Looking into the night sky we saw one triangular shaped object in the 
southern sky. Minutes later a second triangular shaped object."
Orland Park UFO sighting blue lights.
Bright red, no-blinking light, no sound, no other lights.
Multiple UFO Sighting - Murfreesboro.
"V shape, bright white lights, with a green at the nose, no body just wings. 
Circled low and slow 3 times in a long loop."
"Dark pentangle-shaped object, with blue light, somersaulting from NE to SE 
very quickly."
Two objects small and very fast video proof.
A Formation of Small, Bright Spheres.
UFO sightings over NYC (multiple occurrences).
"Traveling S Alt. 50 from Fernley, Nevada, to Silver Springs, NV, I noticed 
a craft."
Saucer shapped UFO sighting in Monroe County.
Purple haze/light in sky at 3 AM and vanished.
Yellow dots over WV.
Large, red-orange, disc moving at steady speed on 5/20. ((anonymous report))
"Two fast spheres orange in color were moving north by northwest over 
Brooklyn."
"White hazy ball of light ~size of the moon flew by underneath the full moon 
in a matter of 3 seconds ; vanished. ((anonymous report))"
Orange light moving across sky.
"3 red craft in loose formation with sweeping lights followed by 2 more 
craft circling. ((anonymous report))"
5 very unusual glowing red aircraft flying over Seattle.
"Three orange/red orbs flying west, approximately 3500 ft in the sky, 
estimated to be traveling 500 mph. Size of orbs possibly a round 3"
Lights in the sky.
"It was A Bright Light. It Would Move Sporadically. There Were Also Multiple 
Other Small Dim Lights That Would Move Very Fast In Multipl"
"Was walking to my car approximately midnight and saw a bright red object 
near the vicinity of Jupiter (due West, approx. 15 degrees abo"
Two orange orbs over Canfield Mountain.
"Yellowish circular object moving in same region of space for more than 
three hours."
"To the N of Tucson saw a still light suspended in the sky. It appeared to 
be moving ever so slowly. ((anonymous report))"
Strange behavior above Denver sky.
Bright light accompanied by smaller lights seen over Salisbury, MD.
"I was driving on interstate 40 towards Nashville when I looked toy left I 
saw this huge floating light. ((anonymous report))"
"First of all sorry for my English writing. We were visiting WTC groundzero 
with my wife. I was capturing continously without focusing a"
"I went into bank. I left my dashcam on. The dashcam picked up the entire 
sighting. I saw the ufo while reviewing the dashcam sd card"
"Silver shining disk flew overhead in front of my car in sky. Occurred in 
broad daylight. Bright day with clouds. No wings on this airc"
"I pulled over at 3 am i looked out and seen a bright light there was a 
bright white one and a bright red on. They were flashing."
Very strange happenings.
"Bright orb appeared out of nowhere and hovered for 45 seconds before 
disappearing behind tree line"
"Array of 6 rectangular white lights (windows or doors in the sky) flashing 
on and off from the center out observed for 5 seconds."
"Flickering lights in a "V" formation, with one trailing far behind, 
disappearing into the sky."
"Flickering lights in a V formation with one trailing far behind 
disappearing into the sky."
"Witnessed dome shaped craft which started as just 3 lights moving in 
sequence with each other"
Red and blue lights over Pollock Pines, CA.
"I noticed a light in the sky tonight It was still not moving, I noticed it 
while closing my window. ((anonymous report))"
"Took a picture of the clouds looking north, at a 60° angle . After I took 
the picture I zoomed in and could see the UFO to the top le"
"Green oval shaped orb with a small red light at the bottom hoovering over a 
tree lined cattle pasture."
UFO flies over city before flashing, witnessed on a mountain.
Two bright stars seen on a cloudy stormy day
Light in sky; departs quickly.
Two flashing lights move together same direction and speed and then vanish
"Driving N down I-275 (between Ford and sheldon exits) at 4 am and I see a 
green fireball rise up, then swoop back down towards the gro"
"Huge black triangle that was 500 yards across with 3 white lights and 1 
faint red light on the bottom with strobbing lights on the bac"
"Bright spot of light falling from the sky. ((NUFORC Note: Reported as a 
meteor. PD))"
Crazy shit went down in a series of bright lights.
Fiery lights in color resembling like a sparkler
Round, large, green objects.
Yellow lights on Saucer spotted over the Estrella Mountains in Laveen, AZ
"3 very large bright orbs of light flying in a triangle formation were 
flying below the clouds on a rainy evening."
"Stationary flashing red light in eastern sky. Went on for 3-4 minutes then 
slowly moved down out of my sight. Clear skies."
This was definitely a UFO and not a satellite.
"Circular green object entering our atmosphere turned into light storm of 
energy.???? ((NUFORC Note: Meteor??? PD))"
"White and red lights cylinder and round shaped spotted several nights in 
sky. ((anonymous report))"
"Huge oval object with flashing colored lights and buzzing noise appeared 
outside my house."
Green red white lights about 60 foot up from large size craft.
"The red lighted object was seen slowly flying over the sky north of 
Carlinville, IL, towards the small town of Nilwood."
Red lights over Summerville, SC.
Orange/Reddish glowing sphere over Atlantic in Garden City, SC
"Saw two white lights flying side by side, then one went left and the other 
went right at unbelievable speed."
"21:00 hours and total of five fast moving red objects going WSW to East at 
low altitude, no engine noise, no aircraft lights"
5 orange orbs in diagonal pattern fade to black.
Multi-colored orb seen every night.
"White shimmering cigar shaped object with black stripe down the side, 
approximately 150' in length."
"Coming from Huntsville and saw like a white cylinder hovering in the sky. 
Thought it may have been plane but it didn't move. Thought it"
"While standing outside observing the cloud cover, Sunday morning, a giant 
roar passed overhead from north to south in 1 second."
"The obj. was shaped like the Space Shuttle or fighter jet. Object had a red 
glowing round plasma like obj. ((anonymous report))"
"4-7 Triangular objects with lights observed hovering over South Mississippi 
May 2016"
"Two objects flying very high and watched as one of the objects started to 
come down lower, it got very bright. ((anonymous report))"
Green craft hovering, then disappearing.
"Seen two, three paired circles rotating and converging into single circle 
and coming back to its original position n doing same thing a"
Red round lights in a strange formation went across the sky
Strange red moving objects low in the horizon
"Red yellow green light on top of each other forming a huge thick like 
rainbow flashing over a whole block then ten minutes later anot"
"Me and my wife were sitting on the deck of a condo overlooking the ocean at 
st augustine beach. from the southeast over the ocean we sa"
Formations of bright orange lights over garden city, utah
"Very bright light in evening sky where neither a star nor planet should be 
and then 3 pulsating lights came through the trees."
Orange orbs without noise & vanished quickly.
"Blue orb with aura seen on American Airlines flight near Charlotte, NC, 
airport."
"My wife and i were sitting outside enjoying the weather when i happened to 
look up at a commercial plane that had past observing the tr"
"Was getting ready for bed and then looked out to see the stars. I noticed 
one star was very bright and then started moving. I then noti"
Three separate crafts taking off in a 90 degree angle.
"I woke to use the restroom this morning about 2am, I stepped out on my 
porch in MillSprings NC and was shocked at"
Large flashes of light in N.E, Portland.
Bright red sphere low on horizon above glade park/monument area.
Friday night lights Clive, Utah.
"@Approx,10:19pm/May 13-2016. Saw from r/side of sky, star like object, 
began going across sky to left. Behind had bluish green trail."
Round bright objects seen in the sky over Thomas County
2 orange/red circles flying in unison over Puyallup.
Arrow-like object at night glows blue ocean texture
Six fireballs flying in a cluster.
Large triangle craft.
Bright orange lights
What is this? Not the light, the scales on the top left!
2 bright orange UFOs moving north over Portage Island & south Lummi Island.
"2 opaque looking circles traveling at same speed in line with each other. 
They almost looked cloud like but there were no clouds near."
Possible UFO in the sky's of Fairbanks, AK.
"I saw an orange glow that initially I assumed was a helicopter or air 
craft. Many planes pass over our area and this did not the move"
Several triangular lighted objects spotted above Lake Tahoe area.
Bright orange fireball.
"Column of three vertical solid white lights over Elsmere DE which do 90 
degree turn to form triangle"
"Sphere with flashing and brightly colored, tentacled lights. Sat right off 
the coast, just to the south of LAX for 40 minutes. Was very"
"Side triangle shape flights in a triangle formation the tip light is 
brighter than the rest. ((anonymous report))"
"Red/Orange light over the Grayland/South Beach area of Grays Harbor County, 
Washington."
"Multiple orbs/ lights seen in Minneapolis, possible military aircraft 
involved."
Three white lights in triangular formation floating in circular pattern
"Two separate lights touching each other, then one going in circle (up and 
down) quite fast."
"Two crafts that hovered and made quick up and down..side to side movements 
similar to a drone. They were very high as you can see plane"
A bright green light surrounded by red lights hovered over NW Tucson.
Cigar-shaped UFO passes closely by my plane over Gulf of Mexico.
"Witnessed ball of light in the distance start from ground level fire across 
the sky at 45 degree angle and disappear."
U-shaped craft over the Rogue Valley.
Object moving from toronto towards a indirectionacross bobcaygeon
"6 objects in formation flying North at very high rate of speed, visible 
with night vision only"
"At 4:00am this morning, I took my dog outside to go to the bathroom and I 
saw a bright light in the sky that was darting across the sky"
Interdimensional being flying through the sky in a liquid motion.
Strange light makes 90 degree turn.
"Looked like the International Space Station..But was NOT! 3/4 the 
illumination of ISS"
"At least 4 lights flying in & out of the clouds in the baca street area. 
Their lights would get really bright & then dim, sometimes goi"
Red fast-moving orb
Multiple bright L.E.D. looking lights in a V formation,Suddenly disappears.
"White object like cloud, would phase in and out to the color of the sky 
middle of the day, somewhat triangular or stealth shaped,"
"Very small cigar shape - disappeared seconds after sunlight reflected off 
of it.."
Unidentified, low-frequency, pulsing noise - could not locate a source.
"((HOAX??)) Sunday night, at about 11:30, when I saw a string of lights 
appear in the sky over a tree. ((anonymour report))"
"Two bright fireballs stop and go, moving at differing speeds and towards 
different areas. ((anonymous report))"
"I just reported the triangular form of blinking lights. I showed 3 of my 
kids.. 10 minutes later we couldn't see them, then suddenly"
"Watching a clear sky, once again we are seeing 3 reddish/green/white, 
flickering lights, stationary, in a perfect triangular form. Th"
Small triangle, or X, at low altitude, and sharp turn.
Green/blue orb flashed across the southern night sky, disappeared quickly.
Observed a red light in the sky dodge out of the way of a commercial jet.
"Sonic boom followed by unseen high altitude jet planes circling New Orleans 
and Gulf of Mexico."
Fake plane, or we have hologram and/or cloaking capability.
"Glowing, sputtering fireball moving slowly east to west near MCO - Orlando 
International Airport."
2 more sightings of the pair of triple vertical lights
"I posted a report about seeing one in Linden, NJ and you didn't post it! 
Its not a joke! I still have knots in my stomach."
UFO in Hillsborough, NJ. ((anonymous report))
Light in sky seen in same spot (not moving) for at least 10 minutes.
"Unidentified craft lit by dull orange light seemed to wobble silently 
through the sky."
"Rectangular object with two large, non-flashing lights travelling high and 
fast northward."
"((HOAX??)) I was sitting outside in my driveway, and I see a red light/dot 
coming out from the tree line, it raised, then stopped."
Lights moving erratically in night sky.
Large white light changing shapes.
"(2)--Red orange sphere type craft made manovers in the night sky yhay this 
pilot AINT Never seen before"
7 lights flying in formation, changing positions, and angles of flight.
The object zipped across the sky.
Orange fire low in sky.
"One orange/red stationary fireball like object in the sky looking south 
from Bixby Knolls area of Long Beach. ((anonymous rept.))"
"At approximately 10:30 pm I stepped out into the backyard and observed a 
white light in the shape of an orb streak across the sky. I th"
"Orange Orbs on Horizon changed shape into white haze with inner-pie-section 
clockwise rotation at high rate of speed."
"((HOAX??))Traveling S on 270. Seen W of 270. 2 bright balls of white light 
attached by structural beam or wing. ((anonymous report))"
"Wife and I were on Hwy 15 North 5-7 mi. outside of Philadelphia, MS, when 
we noticed a hovering group of 5-7 fireballs."
"((HOAX??)) They were a red orange color they were flying in several 
different ways first I saw them in kind of a square formation."
2 white orbs UFO in day time, and then jets. Very bright.
Metallic Sphere flying in front of our car. ((anonymous report))
Multiple, moving lights, changing from super bright to shiny silver
"((HOAX??)) Crafts flying over Portland. Orange light from bottom. Seemed to 
be two, one higher than the other. ((anonymous report))"
"Saw a very bright light slowly moving then turned an orangish color and 
seemed to jump back and forth in the sky. ((anonymous report))"
Rectangle object vertical with white lights and red on ends
"Craft shone bright white lights for an hour or so into house from above - 
Telluride, CO."
"I dont know what happened please help me. Can someone contact me who is an 
admin"
"Circular object with multiple lights arround the outside and hovering noise 
coming from it."
"Quiet night on the boat interrupted by shaking and bright lights. 
(Husband's perspective)"
"Quiet night on the boat disrupted by shaking and bright lights (wife's 
perspective)"
Three bright orange balls in a triangular formation
"Retired Police Ofc. Seen a Planet or bright star shaped white object moving 
fast- West of Chicago 05/05/16 2100 Hrs."
((NUFORC Note: Witness provides no information. PD))
Visit to Famous Socorro UFO Landing Site Lonnie Zamora
Crossed out white star that turned into a silver sphere with flat bottom.
"Today I witnessed a "UF0", on Winchester and Mendenhall in East Memphis. 
((anonymous report))"
"I'm a tugboat captain was good doing my watch change at 5:30 in the morning 
May 6th pitch black dark night with no lighting whatsoever"
"My mom and I were driving in East Orlando. We both saw a bright orange oval 
fireball in the Eastern sky. It was at 1:38 am on 5/6/16. I"
"Extremely bright orange ball of light quickly ascending into sky, leaving a 
slight trail as it rose."
Glowing red oval.
"Huge Glowing Orange Triangle turned into 5 Bright White Dots connected by 
lighter White lines seen by my husband and I in Sebring, Flor"
Large triangle of lights in the sky making a weird sound.
"I seen a silver looking cigar shaped craft flying with no contrail 
intersect under a jet flying with a contrail."
"Large orange globe going from south to north along the Ft. Range of 
Colorado west of the Denver area."
Lights, bright white, about street light in elevation.
Red 'fireball' sighting. ((anonymous report))
Large, bright orange fireball in Palm Bay, FL.
"I saw what looked like a fireball moving north. Then it seem to get small 
an disappeared. ((anonymous report))"
"It was a slanted white rectangle. Me and my mom both saw it. We saw it for 
5 seconds while driving then it was gone. ((anonymous))"
"Saw shadows moving across the ground in a perfect line at a high rate of 
speed looked up and saw nothing in the sky"
"The Object is circle and the color is gray and one part was shiny and was 
coming out of clouds. It must have been moving at speeds of l"
"((HOAX??)) Flew over a school in wetaskiwin Alberta and was looking like it 
was going down. ((anonymous report))"
"NW sky saw 4 lights 2 orange 2 blue-white move over course of 2. 5 hours to 
end at NE corner of sky and dissappear"
"White lights brighter than stars. thrugh binoculars you could see round 
craft detail of many lights outlined."
((HOAX??)) Fireball that hovered and shift into sky. ((anonymous report))
Obviously under intelligent control.
Four red lights stacked vertically..no sound.
Fast white light moving through the sky.
3 lighted circular objects moving swiftly.
"11 orange glowing discs spotted just east of 101 in willits, near east 
valley road, hovering low and slowly moved a bit west before com"
High altitude South to North soundless white lighted object.
"I was outside with my dog I always look up in the sky at night I saw what 
looked like a planet size but it was blue,i kept looking at"
CA. circle with 5 lights underside took 3 shots with camera
"I saw what looked like the only cloud in the sky. It was a small smudge. 
The sun was rising from behind the mountains so that little sp"
Craziest UFO Siting. 6 over a two hour period.
I realized this was real when it did the flip. ((anonymous source))
"Large, silent fireball speeding toward earth, until I lose sight of it when 
it went behind some distant trees."
"Large charcoal black blur reflecting moon rays. Blinking orange light on 
jet pursuing minutes behind. ((anonymous))"
"Hovered over neighbors farm for a while, 3+ lights, then became VERY BRIGHT 
(blinding us). Circled our house a few times and did a 180."
"A very clear yellow light about two feet in diameter in center of about an 
eight foot object was landed in the SW corner of our field a"
Transparent triangular craft flying northbound spotted in Evans Colorado
"It happened so quickly. I was sitting in the car and had been outside since 
I got out of school watching my show on Netflix.My sister k"
Round, white, lights in night sky above Philadelphia, PA, May 3, 2016.
Sighting at the bus stop. ((anonymous report))
"This was a huge rocket a mile long maybe longer taki g off ffk. The north 
east and going south was and up and out through the atmospher"
"05/03/2016 UFOS OVER PHOENIX SKYHABOR AIRPORT 1. BRIGHT LIGHTS Small bright 
lights dancing all over skyhabor airport 12pm A. Disk shap"
Large triangle-shaped object hovering over highway
"Bright, silvery oval shape light appears out of no where, then moves like 
hyper speed and disappears."
"A little after 10pm on the night of May 2 2016 we saw a triangle shape 
craft hovering over the Don Tyson and 40th street area of Spring"
Multiple Color UFO craft Happening Now.
2 discs glowing a brilliant silver- white in the sky sitting stationary.
Fast bright silent flashes of light above me quickly in different areas
"We saw 3 white/orange/reddish flickering lights that stayed stationary in 
an exact triangle position for (the time I saw) at least an h"
"Free floating Orbs above Sunbeam Road in Duval County, Florida. I watch 
sober."
Continues white light across, object disappeared in the air
Orange Oval near Chandler
"Zoomes left to right then still as the red flashing light just sits in mid 
air, then it zoomes away very quickly. ((anonymous report))"
The "light" hovered and was being approached then disappeared
2 sets of 3 vertical lights in the woods
UFO sighting in Daytona/Ponce Inlet area for over hour and a half.
"3 lights in perfect triangle move fast from north to south in night sky. 
((anonymous report))"
Three times the size of a normal NGB-2 bomber.
"Sighted a chevron or checkmark object with dull orange lights and spotted 9 
more objects very soon afterward."
Low-flying, dark triangle seen over Easton, PA
Glowing orange ball over lake Mendota in Wisconsin. ((anonymous report))
"A fireball was traveling horizontally to the left but before extinguishing 
a second fireball did the same and flew up into the sky"
"Barbecuing on the deck Saturday night and was shocked seeing red flair like 
objects traveling at about 30 mph in no certain formation."
Orange orbs in groups of four or five flying in triangle or line.
"Orange star, flickered for about 30 seconds and then it slowly got smaller 
and smaller until it disappeared. ((anonymous))"
4 Objects over CT, April 30th.
"4 short 5 second bursts of light in the clouds, each spread out 15 seconds 
apart. ((anonymous report))"
"One blue two white lights on outer edges red in center very high up only 
one bright enough to get a photo wirh my cell i thought it was"
"Started with a green fireball followed by flashing lights in the sky then 
complete power outage and object was gone"
"Yellow/Orange orb traveling at a high rate of speed silently East to West 
Snohomish County, WA."
"Dark Triangle Shape, No lights but darker than the night sky blocking out 
the stars passing by VERY LARGE 2000ft accrosed.((anonymou))"
Large sphere with lights that was moving then disappeared into thin air.
3 bright lights slow moving.
Bright red light that changes to green and stays in one place.
((HOAX??)) Object rocketing through the night sky!!! ((anonymous report))
3 slow moving orbs chased by fast walker
Around 7 orange lites, 3 of which were flying in a rectangular formation.
"((HOAX??)) Triangular shaped craft with blue dotted lights. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Meteor-like silver-gray bright object seen falling quickly to ground Rtes 
11 and 11a in Gilford, NH."
"((HOAX??)) 10+ Silent Round Fireball Looking Ojects Fly overhead in a 
straight line. REAL!!!"
Triangle shaped objects that hover and move fast.
Erratically traveling light in the sky.
Unexplainable logic in what I saw.
"Multiple orangish points of light, turning on and off in a random pattern. 
((anonymous report))"
"((HOAX??)) Orange lights looking like they are playing leap frog. 
((anonymous report))"
5 yellow or orange discs.
"7-8 flashing lights seen flying at different heights between Paragould and 
Jonesboro."
"Mostly orange-red circular objects appeared in southern sky over ocean near 
Oak Island, NC"
"Round black object in the sky by Camp Verde, AZ with no sound, just 
hovering."
"Heard an insanely loud roaring noise while sitting in my house. It sounded 
like a plane and lasted a while."
"I was sitting in my car, and I was waiting for a friend that was grabbing 
clothes from her house. I was just watching the sky when i no"
"3rd sighting in the past 4 weeks-1st time of reporting. Tonight, we saw one 
Orange light, then it disappeared. Seconds later, 2"
"A triangle craft in the night sky being followed by a cluster of white 
lights."
"Red-orange circular objects seen in southern sky over ocean off of Oak 
Island, NC"
Small, gold spinning star-like object above electrical wires
"I report earlier and watch black helicopter go slowly over the town and 
head back over the same area I claim in my report to this web p"
"3 Flashing White Lights and 1 Flashing Red Light in Triangular Formation - 
West Riverside ((anonymous))"
"*Addendum to West Riverside 3 White flashing Lights and 1 Red Flashing 
Light Triangle Pattern. ((anonymous))"
From Jarrell to Round Rock ufo's in storm
"It was a Chevron shape of 4 lights on one side and 3 on the other. It moved 
so slow, no noise at all. It was overcast but the craft was"
Green circle illuminated by a bright green light disappeared
A LARGE BRIGHT BLUE FIRE BALL WITH AN ORANGE TRAIL OF FIRE OVER RESEDA CA.
"My husband and I were sitting out on our porch enjoying the night when we 
saw strange light orbs moving in the sky. We stepped off the"
"I saw a fireball falling from the sky; it was blue and orange it had a 
tail. ((anonymous source)) ((NUFORC Note: Meteor. PD))"
"Mostly orange-red circular objects appeared in southern sky over ocean near 
Oak Island, NC."
"Triangular delta shaped object, large and silent moved nnw from coronado 
over lindbergh and continuing nnw. ((anonymous source))"
"It was dark normal weather the objects look like they were 4-6 miles away 
there was two of them hovering over they had blinking lig"
"2 red fireball shaped objects flying erratically in the sky too fast to be 
man made and looked like they were chasing each other."
"Triangular craft hovering in North Rhett in right side not far from Naval 
Weapons Station"
Spot light
Green bright circle with a bright illumination.
Flashing Lights in the sky.
"Slow moving shiny oblong oval craft traveled from the northeastern sky to 
the south over Paine Field."
"About 3:15pm over Macon, Georgia, I was playing outside with my dog and 
looked up and seen 3 balls of lite that looked like what missle"
"Are stationary fixed to moon moving with it. ((NUFORC Note: Possible 
celestial bodies?? PD))"
"Orange floating like sphere came to where we were. Then slowly,silently 
drifted off along the tree line. Pure energy!"
"Extremely high altitude bright, white light that was smaller in proportion 
than the stars that moved then flickered to a dimmer white a"
"Bright lights, shaped triangular with colored lights around that change 
staying in the night sky."
"Tri-colored phosphorous looking oval gliding effortlessly and silently 
over-head."
Strange maneuvers from lighted aircraft
Falling white light with flashing colours
"2 UFOs seen moving in sequence. Came close together. Went apart, reversed, 
and disappeared together. Orange in color."
Fire ball in the sky, no sound
Dark but shiny round object observed hovering midday.
"On a Sunday afternoon our family and three of my daughter's friends where 
playing volleyball at the community park behind our house ,I"
"Small to medium size, thought it might be a drone. The object went over the 
highway going west,turned north and disappeared in second"
"I was not the witness. My friend who lives down the street was walking his 
dog and captured a video of 5 red circular crafts hovering a"
"Orange Fireball at 0230 in Ft Collins Co, traveling parallel to the ground 
surface"
"Bright phenomenon shaped like kid's spartle stick was just spotted outiside 
my home."
"3 orange glowing lights that form a perfect triangle just below the moon. 
Almost could be mistaken as stars but the color was unlike al"
Blue light formation moved through clouds overhead.
Gray disk with a blue bump in the bottom.
"I was going into my home i noticed a fire in the sky looked like a big 
shooting star i immediately started recording i told my boyfrien"
"Saw a bright blue light standing still then moving fast and repeating. Too 
fast and high to be a drone."
"Nine objects seen. Small fireballs that traveled at various speeds and 
seemed to burn out. The objects were travelling south and were f"
Orange 5 ufo formation.
"Fast moving object with lights in Southern sky over Naples, Florida 
traveling West to East..."
"Flashing Multicolor Object - Distance Local ((NUFORC Note: "Twinkling" 
star, probably Sirius. PD))"
"I live at the top of the mountains in a home with a large open deck. I was 
on my way up to my bedroom when I looked out of the large op"
Shape shifting sighting hovering over my daughters house.
Bright orange ball moving slowly across the night sky.
Bright light. ((NUFORC Note: Possible flare from an Iridium satellite? PD))
"Walked outside looking northwest, noticed 4 orange lights almost in a row 
hovering for a few seconds and slowly moving west and dissapp"
"Bright flash of light in the sky followed by two large formations of lights 
in the span of an hour or less."
"We saw 12 redish orange lights moving away from the toys r us parking lot 
we were in. The lights moved to the east at a decent pace no"
"Flying vessel over the time of incident people apparently talking to 
themselves.flying object stayed still for more than one hour. No c"
"Traveling single light, changed direction, appeared to get brighter, then 
faded to nothing."
Strange lights that fly in unison blink out when observed.
Cigar (?) shaped object with roughly 7 dim lights flies over North Austin
Up up and away
"Very large bright green ball of light zoomed across the sky with no trail 
of any sort and ring of gold light around it."
"Red orange flare like object flying through New Braunfels, TX, at 1130pm 
4/22/16."
"Yellow circle object bright as a Christmas tree going warp speed as a plane 
was coming it just vanish"
Red flashing light heads towards the ground
Reddish light hanging over Atlanta.
Bright light, flash, mid sky, near rt3.
Circular Craft with Red Flashing Lights
"I was in my back yard looking west towards Los Angels and seen red dots 
gliding and then dissaperring. ((anonymous))"
Flying Saucer observed in remote area of New Mexico.
"The UFO was traveling at lightening speed. It appeared and disappeared in 
the blink of an eye. Caught it on film. https://www.yout"
"((HOAX)) We had a close incounter, then heard a really loud noise and saw a 
UFO."
"Today is April 22nd me my wife and my son saw 3 separate craft of Unknown 
Origin that resemble fireballs."
"Tear/seed shaped flat black object hovering and moving slowly silent with 
no lights, it seemed to camouflage itself against the sky."
Bright white sphere witnessed while eastbound on Hwy. 412.
The object changed color. ((anonymous))
A Beautiful Rock full of different colors in the sky.
"Glowing ball shaped object, flashing red/green/blue and very bright in the 
sky. ((NUFORC Note: "Twinkling" star? Sirius? Anon. PD))"
Orange Orbs appear and fade over ocean in Myrtle Beach
"3 rapidly flashing lights. Round. Green light. Bright. Occurred at same 
time but different duration."
"Metal colored sphere with light panel on bottom and lights flashed on and 
off in a pattern! ((anonymous))"
"I saw a pitch-black flying wing shaped object soar across a brightly lit 
area and then vanish into the dark."
"((HOAX??)) Hazy object seen as a oval disk with two blaring lights, and it 
made a humming noise. ((anonymous))"
Saucer and possible Cigar shaped object in sunset.
"I was eating at local restaurant on Wolf Rd looking towards the western sky 
and saw a straight black object flying straight up and down"
"((HOAX??)) I saw 15-25 silvery greenish figures flying around the sky. 
Attempted to follow them. ((anonymous))"
"Very slow flying disk with with white orbital/flashing lights around 
bottom. Low flying then ascended vanishing after short period."
Five shiny objects flying in formation over Van Nuys
"Driving on my way to work at 4:30 AM and saw a bright reddish orange light 
in the sky. Pulled over to see if it was an aircraft."
"Looking up at the moon and noticed a circular object moving. The obj. 
appeared to be in color of blue red and green."
"I was driving on I-4 headed east when I seen what I thought was an airplane 
because I was close to the Sanford Airport. As I got closer"
6 red-orange lights moving in pairs, not flares or otherwise propelled.
Two Fast Moving Synchronous Green Lights over Palmdale, CA.
2 lifesaver-shaped glowing objects in Royal Palm Beach.
"Rectangularly lighted object appears in photo on moonlight walk in 
Shoreline (Seattle), WA"
"Object flying straight upwards with a flashing light flashed about 3 times 
and disappeared as it went upwards"
Witness bright sphere traveling over the nortwest skies of Idaho.
"Looked like white tube moving effortlessly from south to north in morning 
sky..."
"Really bright, almost like a star and stationary. Then it turned silver, 
disappeared. ((anonymous))"
Sky flashed white, then reddish orange glow for 20 seconds.
Three white lights were hovering in the Terre Haute area.
Craft on moon with picture.
"Two white object by MCO moving faster than commercial airline, no sound. 
((anonymous))"
"6 small triangle shaped objects with 3 amber lights each came from the 
south and headed west. The lead craft was ahead of the the other"
"I and 5 other people witnessed 2 unknown craft flying at a low altitude. 
They were egg-shaped."
"((HOAX??)) Large black silent object with smaller black sphere trailing. 
((anonymous))"
Small white object flying low and fast.
"Orange red sphere seen traveling along coast line when turned east and 
disappeared."
UNKNOWN OBJECT FLYING IN ELMHURST, ILLINOIS.
Big triangle flew over my house!
Multiple satellites in one group moving south to north across California.
"Object with row of 6 or 7 lights, moving in sky with non-linear changes of 
speed and direction."
"Glimmering ball of light seen low on horizon. ((NUFORC Note: Possible 
sighting of Sirius?? PD))"
Multiple orangish points of light, turning on and off in a random pattern.
"One moving light. Speed consistent with air travel. approx.. 20,000 ft. in 
sky. W to E travel. NO LIGHTING OR NOISE OBSERVED."
Bright White/Grey light moves across Plainfield, Illinois.
"At 20:00 hours I observed a large triangular shaped craft on the SW side of 
town, heading NE."
"3 reflective (catching the sun) objects moving around each other really 
close then far away from eachother."
((HOAX??)) Followed by ufo.
Ufo hovering over lake.
"Large orange glowing fireball. ((NUFORC Note: Possible sighting of a 
"Chinese" lantern, flying overhead?? PD))"
"Bright ball of light heading towards airport...then the light suddenly 
disappears as lowers in altitude. Not a airplane."
Orange Lights - Out of This World.
3 orbs in triangle formation along Oregon coastline.
"Two golden orange flashing lights hovering silently, moving slowly around. 
((anonymous))"
"((HOAX??)) 2 objects, 1 above the tree line just sitting still, 
occasionally moving up and down, right to left. ((anonymous))"
"Light looks like satellite little biger, cover 50 grades of azimuth in 1 
second, A=0 grades, H=56 approach, solid light. ((anonymous))"
"While running, I saw five craft fly east-to-west, constantly changing 
formation."
"Group of of triangular objects in a triangle formation passed from S to N 
over the W side of Calgary, AB. ((anonymous))"
"Blinking globular object glowing with orange/red light observed in forest 
from my back deck a second night in a row."
"A saucer type shape with a small dome on top was hovering in the sky that 
continuously cycled colors from red, yellow and green."
"Two UFOs with blue/red lights on each, circling each other across the sky. 
((anonymous))"
"2 rectangluar objects 1 with 10 multi color lights (other just 8 white but 
went totally dark) 10 pm low & slow flying"
Fast moving flame balls, heading SxSW at a clip faster than helicopters.
"Camping at campsite with three others. Object red in color with flame 
center or orange center traveling East to west approximately 900'"
Blue lights in the sky
"I looked up and saw some stars moving. We then looked over our chicken coop 
and saw something moving."
"Object being chased by two other fighter jets. ((NUFORC Note: No other 
reports. PD))"
"10 round red (like fire) lights flying in line traveling up then fading out 
of view."
White craft seen almost following me.
"Disc or spherical object moves over activity occurring on roof of tall 
building; appears to observe activity."
Silver object seen by 2 witnesses.
"Thinking at first was either a balloon or then based under the unusual 
movement of the object we were thinking drone. ((anonymous))"
"Four white and translucent oval objects in the sky in V pattern over 
Sullivan, Wisconsin. ((anonymous))"
"((HOAX??)) Object was oval black in color; did not see lights, if any. 
((anonymous))"
"I live in an airpark a few miles northwest of the town of Wickenburg, AZ. I 
have a game camera set up to monitor traffic."
"Fireball appeared in the sky falling towards the earth, then it got bigger 
and flashed from white to green vanishing over a house."
"((HOAX?? DATE UNKNOWN)) Several lights move in erratic fashion across the 
sky, then converge to one ball of light then disappear."
"I was walking with my grandpa at night on the beach when all of the sudden 
3 objects came into view. ((anonymous report))"
"Sat outside in my backyard when a huge bright green glowing discshaped ufo 
flew right across the house down the street."
Bright green very low fireball.
"A fireball, moving east to west, was a solid mass with a long, trailing 
tail. It was blue, green,and red. Colors were vivid and very vi"
"Very large, bright green object with tail streaking across night sky in 
southern Winneshiek County, Iowa. ((anonymous))"
"Falling star that evolved and grew in size and color, to end in a brilliant 
green ball of trailing light. ((NUFORC Note: Meteor? PD))"
White orb that turned into cross like light.
"Strange multi-colored flashing lights in the sky above Spartanburg, SC. 
((NUFORC Note: Sighting of Sirius? PD))"
"A bright orange fireball with a faint blue tail came up from the eastern 
horizon. As it flew over our house it it started to fade."
"I saw lights at first believed to be a plane, but did not move in the sky 
at all, just flickered. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
"I think this maybe a drone round flashing like a firefly. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible sighting of a "twinkling" star? Anonymous. PD))"
"Pair of Silent V shaped objects with red-orange lights flying low and slow 
over Raleigh, NC"
"Light in upper atmosphere that vanished. No trail. ((NUFORC Note: Probable 
overflight of International Space Station. Anon. PD))"
April 16, 2016, sighting NE of Lansing, MI!
Slow pulse orange light moved in non-aerodynamic manner
"Was called by a coworker, to my surprise, 5 balls of red light moving from 
E to W in the sky. ((anonymous))"
"I was sitting out on my back deck with my wife and kids looking up in the 
sky and saw a round object in the sky left on the moon zigzag"
"While Standing at Seven Presidents Beach Facing North East watching low 
flying planes come and go from newark airport. A sphere descend"
Orb Jane rectangLe craft in sky.
A SHOOTING BALL OF FIRE DOWNTOWN SOUTH BEND ON FRIDAY NIGHT AT 11:30PM.
"I was sitting on bench in front of my place and looked up and saw a 
triangular shaped craft moving very fast. Then it stopped for a min"
2 different moving white star like objects.
Triangle shaped. ((anonymous))
UFO flying fluently over Deja Brew in Oak Lawn, Illinois.
"Bright object streaks across sky then stops dead in place for 3 minutes, 
then disappears."
"Bright light appears in the sky, and two lights shoot off of it in varying 
directions."
"Went outside to let dog out..noticed triangle shape with 3 lights moving 
very very slow headed south east..started almost over head..de"
"Bright white round light, appeared, changed shape intermittently, moved 
fast side to side; two smaller white spheres shot out."
"Seen white and orange orbs in the Millwood Community, basically the orbs 
followed us to Andrews...."
"I saw a bright spear that would vanish out & reappear.Stay for about 30 
seconds heading towards Lake Michigan"
Intense white spherical flash above a full rainbow. UNREAL.
"((HOAX??)) Saw large boomerang shapes object shadow across the road on 
Billingsley Road. Heard no sound and no lights. ((anon.))"
Triangle craft with escort.
3 silent military aircraft hover then fly over Indy
"I noticed a light off to the northeast, roughly over Frog Road and the 
community of Luella."
"Several (10-15) objects spread far apart hovering over Cincinnati area 
facing SSW. Flashing multi-colored (red, white, blue."
Approx 21:40 4/13/2016 bright white/clear orb.
"Strange moving and color changing lights in the sky and strange flying 
object"
"Seen what I thought was a strange orange/yellow star, until it started to 
move slowly above me."
5 Interconnected objects.
"5 spheres flying in formation over Albuquerque, NM. ((NUFORC Note: Photo 
suggests to us balloons. PD))"
"Two beach ball sized spheres, one glowing yellow, one glowing orange side 
by side on the ground at 11 am in morning."
"7+ Craft spotted from rooftop. Quickly changing direction. Not convinced to 
be extraterrestrial."
Bright light moved slowly NE without a sound.
Red light moving and stopping before turning green and flying circles.
3 objects hovering higher than planes flashing red blue white lights.
Orange ball moving slowly across the sky, then disappeared.
Orange lights over central Kansas.
"Red pulsating lights hovering SW of Ellsworth. Lasted a good 30 seconds to 
a minute."
Small light (orb?) flying alongside a helicopter over my house.
"Extremely bright non flickering red light moving quickly over town and 
disappears in the west."
5 spheres moving in formation.
Object(s) spotted in landscape photo.
"UFO observed near Nelson, NV. ((NUFORC Note: Report from retired aerospace 
employee. PD))"
I OBSERVED A ORANGE ORB MOVING ABOVE VNYS AIRPORT.
"Watching tv, I see a round object with a bright light coming from it. The 
object flew across the sky at about"
Strange motionless craft in the sky with blinking red and white lights
"Southeast Oregon Orange Orbs with one lasting 45 minutes on the night of 
April 11th, 2016."
2 massive cloaked craft over Layton, Utah.
"UFO with green circulating lights Monday night by Meadowview Elem. in 
Richlands around 2200!"
"Stationary object, southwest sky from Grand Marais, MN.

Four sets of very bright lights; red, blue, green and white; flashing."
Puzzled.
Luminious bird like objects crossing the sky.
Central florida red orbs UFO'S
"Three stars making up an equilateral triangle move quickly and silently 
across the night sky before disappearing. ((anon. report))"
Triangular and tear drop shaped objects over Corning, Arkansas.
"2 fireball looking objects heading west emitting sparks parallel to each 
other flying below the clouds slower then a plane."
"Never seen a flash like that, white flash, the dog was acting strange.?the 
possible explosion seem to flare out like a donut black ctr"
Bright circular light seen in the night sky.
I saw golden twin crafts, in total eight, but two at a time.
Rectangular green lights taking a grid of the sky.
"Trapezoid with parallel lines of red and green lights moving east slowly in 
a straight line and sideways, much larger than an aircraft."
SW sky, bright sparkling, twinkling red and green object.
"Woke up with long surgical mark on left temple vein. The mark has been 
there for a week. I get sharp pain sometimes. And having tingles"
"I was watching the sky from my bedroom window and a orange round 
illuminated object proceeded through the sky from left to right."
Pulsing random light in random positions beneath Jupiter.
6-10 slow moving, orange orbs or spheres
CIGAR SHAPED OBJECT WITH BLUE SPOTLIGHT AND ORANGE HALO.
"Super bright flash. ((NUFORC Note: Possible flare from Iridium satellite?? 
PD))"
"Bursts of irregular flashing light moving across the outer curvature of the 
earth."
White lights going around massive circular object.
"While observing the moon tonight at about 9:20 pm PST my daughter said, 
"Look, I saw a flash in the sky over there three times.""
"Stationary White light changing from steady burn to strobe(rapid multiple) 
flashing to normal (single slow) flashing behind clouds."
"I noticed a bright light moving in the sky to my left, or north, in and 
easterly direction, visible in a wide gap."
"We were having dinner in Englewood, when my wife said what is that? I 
turned and looked and saw a fireball."
Pulse detonation engine contrail.
Bright shimmering object spotted at high altitude.
"Husband and I saw a bright round light (the size of a penny on the 
windshield) appear twice and fade, never moving."
6 silver orb ufo's spotted near Renville, MN.
Round, black object, no sound moving very fast thru morning sky.
Glowing ball like object with a red beam underneath the object.
"I saw a flying obj. flying above the clouds. Obj. was dark and barely lit. 
I saw a hint of red light coming from it."
"Erratic movement, flashing colors, and multiple lights are hovering over 
over my North Georgia home."
Slow moving orange lights.
"Pulsating bright white and blue light darting in different directions and 
specific patterns. ((NUFORC Note: Arcturus?? PD))"
"Huge triangular saucer with 3 bright lights lit around the edges and object 
was hovering over Woburn/Burlington."
Red lights over Bensalem.
"Bright moving lights over Taunton, Massachusetts, night sky. ((NUFORC Note: 
"Twinkling" stars?? PD))"
"I saw a thin white cigar shape (no wings visible) in color moving slowy and 
quietly from north to south passsing between clouds."
I'm a UFO believer... Now! OMG,
"Early morning, trip to Eureka Springs Arkansas. County road no traffic. 
Flash of light followed by second flash shortly thereafter. Tho"
"I live around a lot of air traffic usually has the same pattern notice it 
out of the corner of my eye as a star."
"A circle shape craft illuminated flying from west to east (sandias) 
followed by black helicopter..."
Two flashing lights in the night sky moving very slowly.
"Large green fireball flashing across the tree line. Did not look like 
anything I have seem up here before. Went out of view."
Low flying object with red and green lights - Making a lot of noise.
"Now the weren't ufos but the other day we seen at least 5 craft heading 
directly into space and a few weeks ago maybe a week i the bigg"
"I didn't see this until I was going through the pics I took on the 
computer. I was facing east and the ceiling was about 2900 ft."
"5 round objects forming a vertical circle over Topeka. Each object had a 
red light on top and a white light on bottom. Seen through b"
"Five plus objects with blinking lights like planes, but moving soundlessly 
and in all four directions (not linear)."
Triangle of lights in the sky to the south.
"Heard a helicopter flying low and poked my head out to see. 3 orange balls 
flying in a triangle odd shape, low about 500 feet."
Bright spheres lighting up East princes lakes.
Orange circle objects over Hays, KS.
Black object moving silently from South to North over Salt Lake City.
5 large lights hovered above Ogden, Utah, before disappearing one by one.
Black triangular craft flies erratically after passing airplane
"Daytime bright white light with 'heat wave' aura around it, flutters near 
Tampa airport."
((HOAX??)) Very weird.
Trio of vertical bars of light close together
"Bright, single light, strobe flash of white light seen overhead and to the 
south and west. Object would flash intermittently while slo"
"Two solid white lights in a straight line formation silently moving to the 
NE across far NE El Paso"
"The object(s) flew in a formation pattern that undulated much like silver 
moonfish in the ocean. One side was white, the other silver."
Bright cherry-red light, steady movement and altitude, did not fade out.
Large triangle craft moving slow over Maine Mall area.
"As me and my fianse were sitting outside smoking we saw multiple amber and 
white colored lights appear and then dim out w/n 2-5sec in t"
"Three red lights are in perfect triangular form, they appear a lot closer 
than an average star. The top one was brightest an the lower"
"Not stars glowing; Christmas stars. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect "twinkling" 
stars. PD))"
"Gray, disk shaped with red and white flickering lights around the edge. 4 
Orange lights on the bottom."
Weird image in sky.
High speed light.
"Around 9:00 or 10:00 i have noticed high flying aircraft next to the plane 
a dim like dot or sphere moved away from large aircraft it m"
"When flying my son's quad he asked if you could see stars right now. I said 
probably not what are you talking about? He pointed in th"
"Odd white lights seen traveling westward from Colonial in Orlando. Low, no 
sound."
Blue/green light 1:49AM Dayton, OH circular
"Triangular craft with flashing lights and one spotlight, was seen searching 
the bitteroot mountains."
"I saw two large, black objects moving quickly across a clear, starry night 
sky going approximately Northwest from South. I was in an op"
"Took pictures, they were very bright white lights in a perfect formation 
with no movement .. 5-6 in two sections of the sky to the dire"
"3 orbs of brilliant, pulsing white light & indistinct shape seen in a 
diagonal formation on the horizon in the SE sky."
"Round light with pulsating lights that changed from red to blue and back 
again. ((NUFORC Note: "Twinkling" star?? PD))"
Cluster of small white/silver objects in the daytime sky.
"Oscillating craft with two parallel beams of lights that appeared to hover 
before gradually flying out of visual sight."
There was a white ball flying around my car.
"Teardrop shaped object (green base and trailing white light) drops from the 
night sky near Columbia Maryland."
"Flashes of light outside tent, mechanical whirring noises, and extreme 
effect of heart rate of witnesses."
6 mysterious bright lights in the sky.
Cluster of fireball objects.
Ball shaped, green fluorescent blob in Long Beach at the Pike.
"Triangle shaped object hovering in sky colors red, white, green and blue 
with a tail. 10 minutes hovered before moving slowly"
"The fireball came from the south and looked like a plane in fire. Then 
stopped and flame went out and went up and disappeared."
"Craft visible by 2 very bright lights and high speed 45 degree angle to 
earth disappears"
"Rectangular blueish light flying silently at high altitude, but below cloud 
level, at incredibly high velocity. Heading south, turned a"
Star-like light with a tail disappears mid-flight
It was aware that I was following it.
"Glowing orange object (like a burning plane) disappears/fades away, doesn't 
fall to earth."
"Looked like a green laser falling from the sky but not straight down 
perfectly. Did not look like a typical meteor. Was more like a gre"
"Saw a light, like a star, move slowly towards NNW, stopping and changing 
direction."
Orangey-yellow ORBS at the Phoenix Raceway - April 2, 2016
Strange orange lights in eastern sky, Pt. Townsend, WA.
Tacoma red lights in sky.
Two orange spheres appeared over the water.
"Several orange lights in the shape of a triangle. Form disappeared quickly 
in sothern evening sky."
Two small balls that looked like they were on fire.
"Before I give any data to you please tell me who all will see this report. 
Thanks."
Small flashes of white light in a clear blue sky
"UFO Fleet Observed Passing Over Tecolote Shores Park Near Mission Bay, San 
Diego."
"At first 2 smaller glowing red/orange balls of light floatin across the sky 
going up down bouncing around but still moving forward toge"
"Strange aircraft hovering over a Oklahoma field. ((NUFORC Note: Report is 
from high school student. PD))"
Two lights of in the distance
Like a car in the sky
"I was looking up in the sky and I noticed that in the wooded area 
surrounding the neighborhood. . And... very, very low in the atmos"
Two bright lights hover over East Vancover, Washington.
"Two people saw a bright white light cross the night sky, heading in a 
north-east direction."
White oval light in night sky then vanishes in Reardan WA.
Big orange ball.
"Saw a shooting star at about 8:54 pm and then seconds later saw 3 bright 
red lights in a tight formation circling not far from trail."
Multiple sightings of bright white orbs that sometimes flashed brightly.
"Jagged and glowing plasma meteor suddenly changes course, and accelerates 
northward incredibly fast."
Fast moving white orb moving north.
Witnessed 5 orange, sphere orbs flying South to East through the night sky.
Witnessed 5 orange, sphere orbs flying South to East through the night sky.
"((HOAX??)) Large falling orb breaks into 5 smaller orbs and possible 
explosion."
Burning plane falls from sky over LAFB in Az.
"I was standing in my backyard when I saw 3 dark objects in a triangle shape 
heading in a southerly direction."
"I saw what look like 3 objects at a very high altitude flying in a 
southeasterly direction. There was no sound and no lights. They mov"
Fireball.
"My cousin and I were off of hageman and old farm and one by one 3 what 
looked liked floating balls of fire went from NW to SW dir.."
"Have seen multiple UFOs over the course of the past 6 months, orbs of 
light, one included 2 military planes. ((anonymous report))"
"I was looking at the clear blue sky observing the spraying or contrails 
that were lingering there when I saw this group of bright objec"
"Saw red lights in the sky, moving out towards ocean. They were moving very 
fast and made sudden up down movement."
Bright star, then vanished.
"As we were star gazing this weird triangle formed object with 4 circle 
lights had flew right over our heads not super far off the groun"
Here has been a bright light object above my apartment for three hours now.
Large light that flashed and blinked out.
((HOAX??)) Triangular UFO.
"They looked like stars but 13 where in a row then they dispersed threw the 
sky. They had bright flashing lights like cop cars! could se"
"3 bright red lights seen traveling over Shasta Lake City then suddenly 
disappearing one right after the other"
Bright object shots up and disappears into space.
"We spotted an oval-shaped aircraft while driving on route one; did not fly 
like a helicopter and was too round to be a plane; flying in"
Large light moving in a pendulum like motion.
Many bright rotations of cylinder air crafts.
"Hexagonal shaped craft flew through the sky in the early hours of March 31 
with extraterrestrial movements."
"Went on a bike ride with my headphones in, was almost home i looked left 
casually and looked in the sky. I saw a VERY WHITE bright ligh"
Hovering flashing light over Sister's Mountains.
DISC SHAPED CRAFT SPIRALED BY AS I LOOKED OUT UPSTAIRS WINDOW.
Strange light or object in North Phoenix sky
I have pics!
"Diamond/Star Like Bright Object Flying Low in the Sky with No other lights 
or sound."
Object hovering and changing shapes.
NYC UFO.
"Have video appeared middle of sky forming a cloud behind no aircraft no 
typical cloud... I zoomed in no aircraft in visible or flat was"
"((HOAX??)) Object flying over atmosphere blinking red.ready to do 
something.possibly invade land."
Disk oval shaped with light coming down fast and disappearing in mid air!!
"Why are there silent aircraft flying over corydon at night? Also why are 
there so many going in the same direction?"
"Very large firecolor came from the trees and moved slow across the sky. 
Once it got above my house it fizzled out.. it started out a fi"
"Initially one bright flashing object caught our attention. After looking 
further we counted up to seven. They all exhibited the same"
"Orange orbs appearing in random patterns for 2-12 seconds along with 
flashes of light across the Atlantic."
Slow-flying lights were NOT a commercial airliner!
Unusually bright aircraft-like light that suddenly dimmed.
Flying translucent triangle shape and transformer explosion.
"I saw a bright orange triangle with no sound flying southeast. ((NUFORC 
Note: Overflight of ISS. PD))"
Multiple UFO's spotted flying out of unknown light.
"Seen circular object with 1 circular light in the middle. Also 2 strips of 
lights on the side. Went straight up into the sky."
No noise reported. ((anonymous report))
"Started in middle of sky...made a turn....when I closed up with camara yhe 
object seemed flat but invisible..I see a lit of military je"
5-7 white triangles observed flying in formation.
"It was partially cloudy and sun. Saw between 20-30 small lights flying in a 
tornado like formation going in and out of the clouds."
Light orb shoots across the sky into a portal.
"We saw what looked like a very large shooting star or ball of fire moving 
very fast and very low from West to East."
Quick, bright, green. ((NUFORC Note: Possible meteor?? PD))
Triangular craft in stealth mode.
((HOAX??)) Blue-Green flash in the night sky.
"Walking the beach with my family we saw two lines of six orange dots in a 
row. There were 2 in close proximity to each other."
"I look up at the sky and I see a light in the sky E of where I was sitting. 
The light changed color. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
((HOAX??)) Flashing lights travelling fast across the sky.
"((HOAX??)) Started w/ 1 light on E hor., followed it, grew to countless 
lights over 2 hrs., along with close encounter ground sighting."
"On the above mentioned night on or about the 28th of March around 8:30 9:00 
I was gazing into the west sky into outer space with my hea"
Very bright light with small light circling around it.
Light sphere becomes hawk.
"((HOAX??)) There were three shapes with blinking lights northwest of where 
I was standing."
Sighting disk object with two rows of red lights hovering above trees.
((HOAX??)) Two large orange fireballs.
"Looking towards north, I noticed a full sky flashing, which continued every 
few minutes without any sound??"
T-shaped object, moving slow, with one red one green and four white lights.
"Bright starlike light, pulsating in the sky over Gum Springs, Arkansas. 
((NUFORC Note: Sighting of Sirius?? PD))"
"On March 27, at 9:30pm, while sitting on my deck in Epping, NH, I was 
suddenly illuminated by a bright flash in the NW sky."
"All lights appeared white that blinked in sequence around the object. May 
have a redlight in the middle that turned off suddenly."
It looks like a Fire Ballon, there were 3 , no sound. What can it be?
"I walked outside to walk my dog. In the eastern sky an object, round, 
bright red, and in a slightly irregular motion (like it was wobbl"
Wired objects in West Texas.
"I was on a flight (American Airline Express) back home from Monterey, CA. 
At exactly 5:50pm we were flying over what it seemed Inglewoo"
"Very large orange light in the sky with the moon to the south east of 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma."
"Multiple objects with multiple colors did respond to our attempt to signal 
with our lights."
MULTIPLE INTERMITENT FLASHES OF LIGHT
"Two fireballs in formation, moving north to south. Weather conditions were 
light breeze and moderate rain. Both fireballs disappeared"
"I witnessed for the second Saturday in a row, a very bright white light 
approximately straight overhead. The light is not constant but"
"I let my dog outside for her last bathroom bake for the night. I looked up 
at the sky as I always do, but this time I notice a flashin"
Lowering light blue bright light. cloudy only light in sky.
Green light that quickly fell downwards
"I tried to enter the time in the correct box but it would not allow me. But 
the sighting took place at 9:20 P.M. or 21:20 P.M. Military"
"Report of six orange glowing objects flying at high altitude coming from 
the southwest flying northwest over Baltimore, Maryland at app"
"There were two purple lights in the western sky. One was in a fixed 
position and the other one came from below it. It dropped directly"
Shocking, caught me off guard!
Red, white and blue flashing lights.
A procession of slow moving orange fireball object were observed in the sky
Lights over globe as 3-26-16
Miracle had to see it to believe it
"Saw multiple low flying planes over head which is odd for our area. As they 
were passing by we took notice to this very bright spot in"
"7500-9000ft this object approximately stationary 20 seconds above where i 
was playing basketball and then it moved out east faster than"
Luminescent Egg Shaped Object in Sky on SW Flight
"((HOAX??)) 1 red small light and 2 small yellow lights glaring through the 
trees low and bouncing."
"I walked out of my house and looked up that's when I saw something circular 
shaped with brite white lights that is why I filed the repo"
"Strange reddish orange lights in a triangular pattern spotted in the 
Southwest sky over Los Angeles, 3/25/16."
"15-20 orange spheres floating in triangular patterns in the night sky would 
disappear in peculiar ways, and sound was suppressed."
"My friend and I were outside looking at the stars when we saw this light 
moving across the sky. First we thought it was a satellite but"
I saw one red and two orange flying object in the sky.
"Falling object in daylight with streak of black smoke trail, turns and 
travels opposite from Earth along the same route that it fell."
"I took 3 photos of the sky on 3/25/2016 and in my photos I noticed blue 
object. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flares. PD))"
UFO in picture!
"3 black triangles traveling like a jet, 15 minute spacing in between all 
from west to east and same path, spotted directly overhead."
"Saw a triangular object way high up fly back and forth, stop, then start 
back again multiple times."
"Triangle shaped object. Hovering over 1 hour. Red and green lights flashing 
sporadically. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
"Saw three orange lights that formed a triangle, and moved across the sky 
super fast."
"Hi Peter, One sighting tonight, March 24th, of a luminous bright gold 
colored saucer shaped object for about two to three seconds thoug"
"Three flashing lights in the night sky on a horizontal line with the bottom 
of the moon as one light moved rapidly between."
I saw what appeared to be an exploding satellite @ ~9:10 PM March 24, 2016
"9 red-orange spheres witnessed by two people flying overhead from southwest 
to northeast in rural SE Kentucky."
"Bright flashing light moving slow across sky. accompanied by many dimmer 
lights"
"Multiple objects, big and small, surrounded my numerous unmarked 
helicopters."
4 orange lights over ocean for 4 seconds.
"Large floating rectangle just hovering. It had four or so large headlights. 
The light beams projected quite far into the night sky."
Fireball chased by jets.
"Three triangle shaped objects would appear and disappear for 15 minutes 
orangish in color"
"I went to smoke outside, when I noticed a triangle in sky. I would say it 
was three separate orbs but in a perfect triangle."
"3 lights in sky in triangle formation which eventually separated very 
quickly."
A craft over a house in East Mesa..
Diamond Shape Craft Circling Over The Hospital
"I was watching the full moon through my window when I see a strange 
light,It is moving fast,I called my husband and son,and they were a"
"6 "Strobing" Lights in Formation + 2 Large Orbs + 1 Slow-moving Red Light. 
Wow!"
Bright white object by Phila Airport High Up Across Sky
((NUFORC Note: Witness provides no information. PD))
White oval object moving from East to West
"Saucer looking shape, but was so far away you could barely tell. Lights 
flashing and hazy trail left behind when moving upward."
"Saw what I thought was a star that was changing colors red green blue 
white, i watched it for about half hour thinking it was celestial"
((HOAX??)) I dont know if this was a dream or if i was abducted.
"Last night from around 11 pm till 2 am was walking dog outside in my 
yard.heard a buzzing,vibrating noise. looked up to the west and"
I saw a very bright "star" looking object moving very slowly.
Stationery green sphere changed to red and beginning moving northwest.
Fast moving light w/no noise and low altitude.
5 fireballs in the sky over Des Plaines/Glenview, Illinois.
"Two UFO craft sighted in Denver-One strobing with forward momentum, the 
other hovering."
"Bright ball of light east of me traveling in a South Easterly direction. 
Very clear and distinct ball of light. Larger than anything I"
"I dont remember the exact date but there was a storm brewing over 
Albuquerque. The skies looked beautiful my husband and I went outside"
"Entity seen at 5:00 am. We were awakened by our 7 month old son crying, we 
heard this on the baby monitor."
Bright light with a arch like U red lights make square in back.
"2 orange-red star like light hovering subtle maneuvering up down right left 
zig zag."
"I observed several balls of fire and strobing lights that seemed to be 
chasing each other over the night sky over Wylie, TX."
"Orange reddish circular object in southeastern sky around 8 pm, was moving 
E to W. Very heavy cloud cover."
"UFO looked like Venus bright white light holding postion in dusk sky, as 
planes came in veiw UFO cloaked out."
"Two white cigar shaped UFO's stop and hover over I-25 in Denver, then 
change to an amber color and disappear."
"On Sunday, March 20th 2016 at approximately 11:20 am, I was leaving my 
house to take my usual exercise walk around the neighborhood. As"
String of 5 Total Lights That Slowly Moved In A Span Of About 15 Minutes
Silent aircraft in wooded area.
"Two orange orbs heading east over Albuquerque towards the south end of 
Sandia Mountains."
"Object in sky; red, green, white lights. ((NUFORC Note: Possibly 
advertising lights at nearby casino. PD))"
"We were driving on Hwy 1 & noticed about 7 fireballs soaring straight down 
at the earth, almost like shooting stars. I pulled over and"
"As stated above. No movement just all that I saw. Perhaps someone else saw 
this."
Oregon UFO spotted near I-5 North towards Salem.
"Witnessed 6-7 multi-colored lights in a random formation. The event lasted 
5 minutes. Each light vanished one at a time."
Long-tail aircraft that curved up.
Thin light accompanied with 2 orange orbs,Colorado Springs, CO.
"Two silver glinting objects move purposefully in the clear blue sky above 
Cody Wy."
"Large triangle shape, defined by a series of dim lights moving silently and 
fast. South to north over Lincoln, Nebraska."
"I was looking up at an awesome moon circle and saw a satellite moving from 
northwest to southeast it then changed directions at a highe"
"Object was seen again hoovering over Castro valley Blvd on the west bound. 
traveling in circular pattern from southern sky and then mov"
"Small red object hovering in sky then drops a glowing white object twice 
it's size and red light disappeared shortly after"
Slow moving flames that interacted with a green light.
Red/white fireball in Melbourne, Florida.
It looked like a fireball slowly moving from South to North.
"One bright round white light changed to two orange round lights and then to 
one red blinking and one orange."
Triangular shape object flying overhead maybe 50 feet was seen.
4 fireballs hovering close above.
"At approximately 19:20 on Friday, March 18, 2016, I was travelling West 
down RR128 when I spotted a bright light in the sky to my left"
"Star-like obj. moving to L and R, up and down, but stays in rel. same area. 
Looks like a star, twinkling. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
"I was sitting on my back porch talking on my cell phone looking up at the 
sky. There was a large flash of light for a couple of second"
Shiny metallic saucer-shaped aircraft.
Small round silverfish objects over Masspike.
Never seen this in broad daylight.
"Seen an oval in the sky their were planes flying in the area above it but 
not military planes it traveled east for about 2 mins and the"
"Silent triangular shaped object with flashing white/yellow lights was 
spotted in hovering over neighborhood."
"Light has been moving left to right for the passed 3 hours lights 
flickering constantly. ((NUFORC Note: Star or planet?? PD))"
"Lights in sky appeared to be blinking/flashing; got binocs, noticed 1 light 
was red, green, blue,and gold. ((NUFORC Note: Star? PD))"
Blinding light and loud noises, followed by orbs in the sky.
Octagonal, bright, white/blue, light that flashed 3 x, and disappeared
Triangular craft seen over Castro Valley, CA.
"Fireworks type explosion seen in the dark sky just above horizon at 22:00 
on 03/18/16."
Orbs of bright light traveling tightly in formation over LI Sound.
Fiery ball of flames that was no meteor being fallowed by helicopters.
"2050 through 2100 hrs., San Ysidro, CA. I observed two bright flashing 
lights approximately SSW at about 30-degrees elev.."
"Saw 12 to 15 yellowish orange circles flying across the sky. Looked like 
some of the circular objects were bouncing up/down."
"Driving home from work through West Linn, OR and noticed a bright diamond 
shaped light in the south east. It was brighter then a plane"
"On bike path just west of Black Hawk Golf Course. I looked up in the sky 
and it appeared to look like a shooting star. Then I could t"
"Watched a fireball enter the atmosphere then change into what was perceived 
as a star. Then 5 or so seconds later another showed up. Af"
Two crafts with numerous orange lights.
"Yard was lit up and a huge blinding bright light shaped like a sphere was 
moving towards the end of the street."
Amber colored lights in triangular formation.
"Hovering object so bright like a star. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect a possible 
sighting of a star or planet. PD))"
Moving constellations.
"Extremely high altitude, slow moving flashing light, random flashing and in 
brightness. White in color."
"3 of us have seen this UFO at least 6 times, with an extra friend seeing it 
tonight. It was more flat in shape, and only omitted white"
Lights in the sky.
"A disc fly very low, no sound 6 white lights across the center and multipal 
colors lights between the white lights, going SW."
"3 glowing red lights flew low over the 599 relief route near the highway 
I-285 junction"
"Light flashed in 3 durations moving short distance over head then 
dramatically accelerated and continue to flash as it traveled."
Orangish Red glowing lights.
Orange lights in a formation off of I-70.
We saw a sparking fireball in the night sky.
3 illuminating green streaks of light in same 3/4 mile.
"My spouse and I saw bright red orbs off in the horizon. At first I saw 2, 
then they both disappeared at the same time for a few secs."
"Very large craft with a bright light in front of it seen near Smithfield , 
NC"
Orb like object over Forrest City, Arkansas.
"3rd sighting of a tube/cigar shaped craft flying South to North, the 1st 
being stationary over Mt. Shasta City."
"After roll call a group of police officers were standing in the parking lot 
talking. A very loud, low rumble, like a freight train is"
"large boomerang floating across sky in wash.d.c.-observed with night vision 
goggles."
Close sighting of possible alien orbs.
"I didn't only see this object but "felt"; its presence also, like I was 
seeing something I should not have been able to."
"Very low flying craft moving slow looked lie a ship with many lights (20). 
If the Goodyear blimp were in town I'd say maybe. Craft disa"
White flashing stationary light west of London, Ontario.
"The object first appeared in the sky around 8:04 PM Barstow time. It 
appeared to have a kind of flame coming from it at first, but then"
UFO flies above and around Omak around 20:00hrs on 3/15/16.
Fireball at dusk in south Florida.
Military - Airplane Cloaking Tech being Tested.
"I was standing in the early morning hours of 0614 central time I 44 and 
bacon switch rd. in wichita falls texas. I was at the rear of m"
"((HOAX??)) It was semi transparent shaped like a bomarang but the right 
side was a little shorter. size of a small 727, silent."
"I was on the backside of Blue Lake looking at the stars with my friend. I 
noticed an intense orange circular glow up in the Northern sk"
Red light seen in the sky.
"Triangular shape with arched front white lights and red flashing lights, 
stationary for over an hour, seen by 2 people 3 miles apart."
Odd lights in sky over South Pasadena, Florida.
Huge circle couldn't see the sky on either side.
"Large, twin-prop plane flying very low and very slow strange looking no 
sound no lights no id made a 45 degree turn without banking"
"Very bright pulsating light that moved in erratic trajectory and seemed to 
teleport through the sky."
"First I heard a vibration then a shaking feeling, I thought it was bass 
from music. I felt the sound more than heard it."
Slow moving circular segment with bright lights traveling low in the sky.
"Looking East over Hiawassee Road I saw a bright light in the sky. The light 
was cigar shaped. It was reddish orange on the top half"
A golden window appeared in my bed room.
While standing in my back yard I was watching the dark clouds coming in.
They were all around in the sky!
Green blue flashes in Huntington Beach.
"Walking around and was looking at the sky when i seen a red cirle shap in 
the air moving in the sky. I thought it was a plane of some s"
3 big bright red lights in triangular formation in the night sky.
"Rather large brilliantly bright stationary object, bigger than a helicopter 
hovering to the East of I-87"
14 orange lights seen traveling the same path within 15 minutes.
"My wife and I sitting on our back deck noticed a bright light to the SW, 
left of Orion. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius. PD))"
"I want to be clear on this event, I was on my way to N.H from Doswell 
Virginia, after staying the night in Kings dominion Best western."
White craft followed by red craft near Parry Sound Ontario Sunday Morning
"Reddish/orange circular, hazy, glowing, light moving north along the west 
edge of Indian River."
"((HOAX??)) It was large, triangular, and it hovered for about 20 seconds 
and then flew away silently."
"I was sitting on my front porch, enjoying a great spring night looking at 
one of the first clear skies we had had in a long time when a"
Unusually shaped object flying over North Scottsdale.
"Bright red object spotted falling from sky at 22:06pm on 3-12-2-016 in 
Cumberland County, PA."
"Circle of orb lights seen in the night sky. ((NUFORC Note: Advertising 
lights from nearby casino. PD))"
Silent round bright yellow light changing formations.
"My entire family witnessed what appeared to be a moving constellation in 
northeast Texas."
"Two crafts with orange pulsating glow coming from under belly, travelling 
from East to West at slow speed, vanished progressively."
Dark round object seen in western sky over airport.
"((HOAX)) Was searching for evidence of Bigfoot sighting in St Paul, 
Minnesota, experienced possible abduction."
Bright Red Objects Move in Unison.
Bright white light in sky dropped another bright light out of it.
"It was cloud coverage but I can see the circular objects they did not flash 
but they went from white to a red when they flew by there w"
"Flying disk shooting beam of light into trees above haunted cemetery seen 
by US Soldiers."
3 lights in a triangle shape traveling 1/3 speed of shooting star.
"Round object, bright white light appeared 30 degrees above horizon in 
western sky and was moving horizontally for 3 seconds."
"Bright light shooting straight down toward the airport. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible meteor?? PD))"
Three orangish lights in the form of a triangle no noise and slow.
Strange lights.
"White, trailess, orb fell straight down in the north eastern sky from a 
vantage point between Omaha and Lincoln, Ne"
"Strange amber lights, streaming from the east, making now sound and 
disappearing."
"Could not hear any sounds coming from objects, it was dark, tried 
binoculars, couldn't bring into focus."
Four orange lights over Springfield, VA.
"Lights in the shape of a circle, slowly and quietly moving in the sky, then 
suddenly disappears."
"I WAS GOING FOR A WALK AND ALWAYS LOOK UP TO THE SKY. I SAW 3 ORANGE/RED 
COLOR LIGHTS INTO THE SKY. I FIRST THOUGHT IT WAS STARS AND TH"
"Lights aligned in the shape of a circle moving slow and quietly, then 
disappearing into the sky."
"2 untrained observers saw 1 object that was a bright light that quickly 
changed colors repeatedly. I aas too far away to say anything m"
Silent, triangular-like lights in the sky.
"Saw a large flaming blue egg travel across the part of the sky to the south 
of my cabin."
"Unknown lights in western sky of Central Arizona forming "V" shapes, and 
then "M" shapes."
"Saucer-like object w/ white aura seen flying over South Willow in 
Manchester, NH."
"I was driving home around 8:00pm and saw about seven to eight fireballs 
floating above tree level. They were floating in formation almo"
Low triangle-shaped object in Dillingham, AK.
White flying object high up in the sky traveling through in Columbia, MD.
"UAP had no outline or structure, no sound, a random brilliant clean strobe 
white & red light, disappearing into a gray misty portal"
"The entire sky flashed the colors red, blue and green three times within 
three minutes."
"((HOAX??)) Went out to walk dog an seen a huge round thing in the sky above 
Mr with yellow green an blue lights."
"((HOAX??)) As I was driving 3 red lights appeared above a cemetery hill. In 
orion's formation, flashing."
"I followed a bright orange light as I was driving, it started veering off 
behind a neighborhood and looked as if it was landing."
"Object moving ~7° L of ursala major at ~5°-7° slant fron sky to earth. 4 
sec or less. Magnitude of 4 or brighter than a/c."
Strobe lights surrounding orange craft.
"I did not see a thing and either did my older son, I did feel very fast 
blast of heat from my feet. ((NUFORC Note: Moth? PD))"
"Just seen a bright orange diamond shape star moving in the sky plans blink 
at night this one didnt and it was bright and very hypnotizi"
Loud rumble flashing red light heading west disappeared.
"Bright round pinpointed flashing white light traveling from the north to 
the south at a high altitude."
"Kite/diamond-shaped obj. (looked like it was on fire or glowing) streaked 
across in the Conifer/Morrison area at 11:30 pm-ish. Silent."
"My neighbor and I live in the country in rural Minnesota, at 9:00 at night 
a beeping noise was moving around our house. My neighbors ho"
Observed orange light in night sky no other lights no sound no shape.
Orange, lantern-like, glowing, fast fireball that made no sound.
"While starting to take a walk at 6:15 PM, weather clear and 65 degrees, 
noticed triangle shape with 3 red lights very high up in sky."
Small round off white orb flying medium low at tremendous speed
Extremely loud jet like noises with none in sight.
"((HOAX?))Plane like object falling straight down from a high elev. Leveled 
off then started flying as if to land at the local airport."
Triangle-shaped UFO hovering over I-495 near Holy Cross Hospital.
"I have seen this light from my bedroom window almost every night in the 
last month. This object of light varies from Orange red blue fl"
Blue, flare like light.
"My husband and I are watching a yellow gold light above a cell tower in our 
local vicinity. We've been watching it for 10 minutes so fa"
UFOS IN FORMATION OVER WEST CHESTER .PA.
Glowing reddish and orangish lights.
"Three ufo seen on the I-5, going through the Grapevine, making incredible 
maneuvers."
Football-field size triangular object--low and silent.
"I observed a large bright green glowing object fall to earth a few minutes 
ago. I had just looked up out the window, which faces east"
Lights in triangle shape, flew due north; completely silent.
Strange object seen above Long Island, NY, that I cannot explain.
Shape shifting, teleporting UFO.
The light changed from bright to dull and changed speed from stopped to go.
"Whitish green object spotted in the sky, suddenly orange and red blinking 
yellow lights appeared, too."
"Object with wildly flashing red lights flew past window going south. Made a 
sudden turn back south, hovered several minutes."
"((HOAX??)) 2 BRIGHT LIGHTS REPELLED THEN ATTRACTED QUICKLY THEN ZIG ZAGGED 
AND TOOK OFF"
"Small, multicolored, spinning, and hovering light in Ogden, UT. ((NUFORC 
Note: Possible "twinkling" star?? PD))"
"((HOAX??))Silver color saucer shape w/ red and white lights blinking flying 
through the pm sky,and diamond shape ships flying, hovering"
2nd Night.
((HOAX??)) Three bright lights in the formation of a triangle.
"As I was looking up at it my eye caught a craft flying in from the South, 
proceeding North."
Turquoise light turns crimson red.
Disc shaped craft either taking in or expelling cloud.
Stationary glowing orb began to move slowly.
Bright orange, round light.
((HOAX??)) Massive red explosion in the sky.
Three lights appear in triangular sequence then turns off in same pattern.
"White spherical craft travelling at speed I've never seen before over Oak 
Mountain State Park @ 22:57 p.m. in Pelham, Alabama."
"Two unexplained flying amber lights move apart and regroup over downtown 
Wilmington, NC."
"Witnessed a round, red flashing light in the sky directly in front of me. 
It was about the height of where an airplane would be flyin"
"Saw what could have been a meteor fall from sky. White ball of light with 
long tail behind. ((NUFORC Note: Meteor? PD))"
Diamond-shaped object passed over Guess Road in Hurdle Mills, NC.
"Brilliant red object in the southern sky, which sped off with incredible 
speed."
Huge fireball low in the southern sky traveling from east to west.
12 bright lights following each other over Columbus.
"Large object over southwestern sky in W Massachusetts, bright lights, slow 
moving object, changing shapes."
"I noticed what I thought was a star that seemed blurry and pointed it out 
to the person w/ me. He looked and saw another one."
Plasma Shower???
Lights moving North east to south west
Multiple Orbs w/ Pulsating Halos over different towns.
"2 bright metallic disc objects with a dark underside were flying in unison 
in a circular pattern high in the sky at 5:00 pm."
Completely silent commuter plane at 2,000 feet.
5 bright flashes in different spots in clear night sky.
Red light flying over Dallas, Texas.
Single moving red light over northeast Dallas, March 8, 2016.
White ball of light.
Orange light traveling north to south at high speed, no sound.
"I've seen this light in the clouds so far three other time's. Going out to 
smoke twice in Bear once in Newark, DE."
Two lights moving upward together, blinking then disappearing.
"((HOAX?? Contact information is defective.)) Orange orbs in formation; no 
sound."
"Blue-green sphere seen at 8:00 position from the sun during sunset on 
3/5/2016 . ((NUFORC Note: Lens flare in photo of Sun. PD))"
"Slow rotation, sationery in one place, with slight windy conditions, seems 
to be 20 mi maybe away or less see direction. When rotating"
"Two unidentified rather large red lights heading East and then slowly dim 
fading away."
Number of red lights flying slowly across sky
"Was out in front of the house and I looked up and I seen this bright white 
egg like shape going though the clouds and it was going at a"
Nine orange glowing orbs following same general path from east to west.
Two circular balls of yellow light in uniform position.
"((HOAX. E-mail address and telephone # are defective. Date is flawed.)) 
Three yellow orbs seen 3/6/16 in NE sky Hanover Center, NH."
"Three pairs of two bright orange discs low in the sky that would change 
luminosity, and were all connected to each other by a tail."
White lights in formation that changed formation.
"March 4, 2016 I was unloading groceries from my trunk when a jet overhead 
happened to catch my eye. It was leaving a very short doubl"
"White diamond shape,, seems to move different places, also white flashes 
changing directions."
"At approximately 5:58 AM on the morning of March 4, 2016, while looking out 
my window, facing East South East, at about 45 to 50 degree"
"Circular Red Glowing/Flashing Objects Hovering Together In The Night Sky 
Faded Out Slowly."
Two low white oval shaped lights staying stationary
"I went outside to smoke a cigarette and as usual I look up at the sky and 
something that caught my attention,I saw a bright light just."
"Two round bright objects hovered over the Everglades for about 5 minutes 
then shot up into the clouds."
"Several orange lights flying separately and in triangular formation, 
accompanied by a loud roaring noise."
Several orange lights moving in odd and changing patterns
"USAF craft chasing lights. Pattern of orange fireballs USAF turning off 
running lights disappearing reappearing."
UFO seen above Pine Bush, NY.
"I was driving home approx midnight on the 4th I seen this ball of fire in 
the sky its shot across and then it stood still and drop some"
"Two triangle lights, first together, then separate and go side to side, red 
triangle lights at first. The color changed to white triang"
"OUT SOUTH OF DODGE CITY kansas videos taken by cell phone or several cell 
phones one guy was video recording it when he dropped his ph"
"I and a friend spotted a large green fireball shoot straight down from the 
sky unsure of exact time but have seen there is another."
"Waiting in a empty parking lot with my freind in his car I observed a blue 
and white light appear out of pitch black sky and completely"
2 side-by-side green lights moving super fast and were super loud.
"My mom was upstairs in her room but came running downstairs and running out 
the door. She said there are strange lights in sky."
"Cylinder shaped flying object flying low with blue lights coming from 
bottom."
Four bright lights over Wickieup, AZ.
Two orange light, seen heading toward the river flying low. then vanishing.
Bright green light over Northern Arizona.
"Was observing stars through telescope looking for M46/M47 when I saw a 
"moving star" heading towards "10-11 o clock.""
Bright erratically flashing white light in sky above mountains
"Object looked like a shooting star, however, came low to tree line and 
lifted as if it swooped and then flash disappeared."
4 objects with one red and green light on each hovering over the freeway.
"UP DATE ON 3-2-16 REPORT OF 3 BRIGHT LIGHT'S FOLLOWED BY RED LIGHT MAKING 
LOUD HELICOPTER LIKE NOISE."
"3 Blue-whites Being Followed,By Red Blinking Light Making Loud 
Helicopter-Like Noise!,."
5 lights seen traveling over Scottsdale/North Mesa area in uniform fashion.
"Green oval shaped object observed overhead while traveling on 70W just 
south of Hagerstown."
4 lights seen in a formation.
Dark cigar shaped UFO, spotted over Oakwood, GA - 03/02/16.
"Second sighting of a Bright, Rectangular shaped object over the Atlantic 
Ocean, in Delray Beach, Fl, within 2 weeks."
"Low slow moving octagon shaped object having five white lights on bottom 
viewed from skylight."
"Red and white lights sphere figure stayed in the same spot for four hours 
in my backyard."
"The object moved from left to right. start and stop it did slow down just 
stopped."
"Triangular, wedge-shaped, UFO with green lights hovering at cloud level 
above the Ocala National Forest."
3 White lights over Glendale, Arizona.
"For a couple of months now I see in the woods next to where I live around 
8:00 PM every night the woods start to have real bright light"
"2 bright star like objects not moving but rather floating, then just 
disappear."
3 sets of red lights seem near Princeton NC
"As I crested a hill on highway 87 south, about 2 miles north of California, 
at or around 8:10pm I saw 5-8 orange balls of light headed"
Two orange lights with one white light between them
Giant mass of clustered lights miles long moving through sky
Observed cylinder shaped object with triangle lights.
30-40 orbs sighted moving through cloud cover in Queens NY
White lights in Fresno sky.
"4 spirals made in one cloud, and 4 aircraft (UFO's) seen leaving the 
immediate area. Over the western skies of Waterbury, CT."
Cigar-shaped silver object in the sky.
"UFO close to St. Vincent de Paul Society store in Kenmore, WA. ((anonymous 
report))"
"Driving down Decatur Sahara. Right in front of my driving view I notice a 
blue and orange flying fireball. Coming from Charleston towar"
"Very bright oval about 100 feet over treetops. The oval was 25-40 feet 
wide. possibly .5 miles away from my location. It was the brigh"
It was a cigar object.
Yellow/white ball of light.
"6 low flying craft with loud engines and 2 white lights on wings and 2 red 
flashing lights near center"
Pennsylvania triangular aircraft sighting.
"Myself and 2 friends of mine were driving to the store and noticed a small 
string of connected lights and didn't think much of it. I su"
"At approximately 21:35 we heard a very loud noise coming from the sky. It 
sound like a very loud jet plane."
"Strange glowing lights, approximately 4, moving in circular motion through 
the clouds lighting up behind the clouds."
"There were several (8 or 9) glowing orange balls of light moving north 
north-east."
Object with a line of white lights moving slowly and close to the ground.
"Orange low level lights appearing and disappearing in an irregular manner 
repeatedly."
At least 6 orange orbs appeared and disappeared S-SE of Stover, MO.
"Flashing red/orange light looking like it was on fire in the sky near 
Warner & Dobson Rds in Chandler, Az then disappeared!!!"
"Two bright orange orbs were moving west to east, one behind the other. They 
seemed to have a "gassy" look and sparks were falling."
"I was driving N from Bolivar, MO, to Hermitage Mo and then to Urbana at 
approx. 6:45 I noticed a bright light in the northern sky the"
((HOAX??)) Bright red horizontal balls of light.
"Line of numerous lights moving in unison toward the W, disappearing and 
reappearing, multiple witnesses. Possibly a single object."
"Metallic cigar shaped objects. Changed to round or were pulling away 
upwards."
Line of lights high above the Mojave Desert near Mojave.
"Lights flickered in the sky, eventually surrounding one larger, brighter 
light."
Multiple lights in the sky, burnout.
Day time morphing ufo. From one object to 5 objects !!
"Loud horn-like noise for thirty minutes every few minutes - didn't notice a 
pattern."
2 lights flying with abnormal way, similar to an insect
UFO sighting over Phoenix, AZ 02/29/16
2 orange fireballs traveling together.
((HOAX??)) Bright turquoise light in the sky over Lapeer, MI.
"The craft was close enough we could see it perfectly, it was a triangle 
craft, low flying and completely silent."
"Blue/white orb spotted at a very low altitude moving in a linear fashion at 
a medium-high speed."
Bright ball of light shooting past us.
V-shaped UFO flew by directly overhead fast and silently.
"7 "satellite" objects within five minutes? ((NUFORC Note: Possible 
sightings of satellites?? PD))"
Many hovering, quiet aircraft over Rockland Co (NY) & Bergen County (NJ).
Increase from soft light to a bright glow, 90 degree movement.
((HOAX??)) Lights that moved abnormaly.
"Bright white hovering oval light with spires shooting out from it. Looks 
like a star, but doesn't twinkle. Isn't a planet."
"40 foot long Cigar shaped object with 2 beaming lights transitioning from 
white to green, very bright, moving in an unidentified motion"
Read full report.
"Two bright stationary lights seen in the sky. ((NUFORC Note: Possible 
landing lights on approaching airliners?? PD))"
Diamond shaped shiny reflective ufo sighted in Hunterdon County, NJ.
"It was moving northwest slow about 5000 feet off ground then stopped and 
started moving south. We turned around to slap a picture."
"Daytime sighting of Boeing 737s suspended motionless in air over 485 
outside Charlotte."
White, shiny triangles.
Bright blue ufo and major power outage in my town.
"Very large, bright & slowly flashing object moving across the western 
horizon heading south!"
"I saw a bright light in the sky that was brighter then the north star so I 
filmed it and it started moving in every direction and expan"
Three white lights in chevron formation shoot across sky and then vanish.
"((HOAX??)) While I was outside, I observed an Orb flying low zipping around 
like it was filming the area."
Multiple "bulbs" traveling from sea shelf Coast Guard to Bayside.
Large rod ufo moving toward St. Louis, Missouri, from Farmingtom, Missouri.
Red triangular shape bouncing and hovering in the sky.
12+ UFOS Observed by Single Witness.
Dark red object flies fast in weird directions over night sky.
"My husband and I were grilling when I saw a boomerang shaped object that 
was translucent and very dimly lit in a peachy/pink color. It"
"My stepfather saw them first as he was driving home, he called my mother 
and I out once he drove up and toward the south west from our"
Orange glowing lights over Palm Bay.
"I was sitting by the window when suddenly there was a bright flash and a 
loud "BOOM." At first I was afraid NIH had been bombed."
"Bright, rectangular shaped object over the Atlantic Ocean, in Delray Beach, 
FL."
Two spheres, bright as Jupiter, then faded after several minutes.
"3 motionless, bright lights in the sky for about 3 minutes, then very 
quickly moved out of view."
Red flashing lights in circular motion flying fast!
"Triangle craft moving slowly with a blue light in each point. The front 
facing point was shining a bright beam of light."
"I saw a traingle shaped object in the sky no lights but blended into the 
darkness like it was moving through water. Lasted few seconds"
"This "thing" was flashing colors, and every few often the horizon line 
would glow. ((NUFORC Note: Possibly Sirius? PD))"
"Heard a loud helicopter so I knew it was military and I ran outside right 
after my house began to tremble. Saw a helicopter fly right o"
"Was exiting Gila River Reservation, Sacaton. Noticed three lights blinking, 
just hovering near the desert, east of Interstate 10."
"S sky bright lights, white, green and red flashing with no movement for 20 
min. +. ((NUFORC Note: Possible sighting of Sirius? PD))"
"Was outside walking my cat and seen this object fly over.

It made no sound, had no wings. Possibly no windows. It was Cylinder shape"
"Picture taken, object cannot be explained. No reflection possible we can 
explain. Have photo to share"
4 large fireballs, veritical line, slow moving, and spaced perfectly.
Daytime silver streak.
"Triangular craft observed in the sky at sunrise, moving west to east, right 
above the tree line."
Moving star-like object with short red and blue beams coming out of it.
"I observed UFO through 15x70 binoculars, so close that I could see black 
dust on the walls of the "vehicle.""
Mysterious light activity observed during rocket launch from VAFB
Lights surrounding an airplane with helicopter in pursuit.
"We saw 2 orange orbs stationary, side by side on the horizon. Within 
seconds, the first orb disappeared, then the second disappeared."
Two bright lights disappear over Farmington, NM.
"Triangle shaped ufo clearly seen coming back to Milwaukee from the WIAA 
state wrestling tournament. Was initially thought to be a helic"
A formation of objects swirling and changing brightness.
White sphere.
"((HOAX??)) I stepped outside during night hours and look up to the sky, 
because I'm a skeptic. Started seeing these odd white lights."
Disc shaped glowing lights tonight with pictures and video!
"We were driving back from Dewey, OK; my husband who was sitting passenger 
said look at that!! There was three bright, orange lights."
Bright star like object that crossed sky then went straight up out of sight.
Three strange disappearing lights outside of Towanda/El Dorado, Kansas.
"Strange light appears out of thin air and shoots down into earth, but not 
before disappearing again."
Glowing orange star, or Mars look-alike, floating in sky.
"First time I saw it I ignored it. Thought it was an airplane or some 
flickering Star that would go away. But every night now for about"
"Two formations of bright objects (13 in total) flying from East to West 
over the Auburn Valley, in WA."
"They came at first a few together than more in larger groups then smaller 
scattered groups, last just 3 then 1, all coming from the nor"
"Cigar-shaped object about the size of an airliner tracking slowly across 
the sky."
Cone shaped several colors falling fast right in front of moon
"Very quick moving yellow/orange light moving away from me below clouds, 
went over horizon and did not see again"
Star burst object.
"This wasn't natural seem to be large slow moving no sound and extremely 
bright lighting up tree tops."
White/blue light seen southwest of Kansas City, Kansas.
"Outside @~ 8:00pm on the E bench of the mountains above the city. We 
noticed some orange orbs flashing on and off north of the base."
"3 circles of lights with little light clusters in the centers of each. 
Hovering slowly."
Blue object over Portland, Oregon.
((HOAX??)) Flying red and orange round lights in sky.
"Arriving home my wife and I saw two purple lights. At first glance I 
assumed they were planes then one double backed on its self the o"
Two green one white light seen over South Square.
"Several Orange Globe Fireball Lights Low in the Sky, Winking Out and Coming 
Back In Other Locations."
Triangle shaped craft spotted above Wilkeson, WA.
"On February 22, 2016, at approx. 13:00 hrs., this obj. in the photo flew by 
in a NE dir.. ((NUFORC Note: Lens flare from Sun. PD))"
Blue light streaking across Tracy.
"My mom, two brothers, and myself were driving down the road from Fountain 
to Preston and as we were driving we saw a floating craft wit"
"Bright light moving south to north very high rate of speed was not a plane 
brightness of a star"
"Saw an unidentifiable flying object in the sky shooting beams of light 
during an earthquake."
Mysterious, large boom shakes house, 4am.
Triangular and rectangular formations of hovering lights over Bay
"5-6 orbs in the form of a line in 4 and 2 behind it with gaps in between. 
Yellow/orange colored over antenna in the city"
Huge ball of light falls to earth after stalling.
"At approximately 7:00 pm on February 21, 2016 Myself, my husband & my son 
saw 11-12 clear bright orange lights moving in a v formation"
"Three oval-shaped objects came together and flew in formation before 
separating and flying away."
Small balls of light changing positions, sharp turns.
"Orange fireball, emitted a blinking object and flew upwards until it was as 
small as a star."
"Strange orange constant glowing light, coming over from the mountain top of 
West Suffield area, heading towards Southwick, Congamond"
"Red-orange circular objects seen in southern sky over ocean off of Oak 
Island, NC"
Two large craft hovering over Lordstown (Trumbull/Mahoning County border).
Eight gold colored orbs of light.
Super bright flash of light a week after a wave of UFO sightings
4 ufos moving silently across the sky. 2 were in formation.
"6 red lights moving slowly, in two sets of 3, E to W, changing formations. 
Have video footage of second set."
"My friend and I were driving down the road and looked up over a wheat field 
and seen one red dot that was stationary."
"Noticed streaks in the sky while driving. At first one, then two, then 
three."
Set of four lights flying in formation.
Diamond shaped light hovering over hills, radio station fuzzed out.
"Cylindrical object in the southern sky with glowing red and white lights in 
the lower half."
"Very low, large, fast traveling lights that just disappeared quickly with 
no clouds in the sky. There were 3 lights in a triangle shape"
"I was letting my dogs back in from outside, and suddenly noticed something 
moving, at first I thought it was an airplane, but clearly w"
"A very bright light, brighten than star, appeared then shot off straight, 
and stopped again., three times then disappeared rapidly."
"6 lights in line formation moving northeast from Oneil bridge area over 
Florence, AL."
"Greenish white fireball ,that was going west in a descending arc, brightly 
visible for several seconds."
5 hovering lights near Kingston, IL.
Over the South side of Columbus, Ohio.
"After hearing helicopter in area for approx. 5 minutes, I looked out window 
and coming from S to N is a helicopter."
"Blue and white streak with tail traveling in NE sky that disappeared then 
followed by a blue circular shape with a white ring twice."
Group of 6-7 red-orange spheres, moving independently at different altitudes
6-8 orange orbs in the night sky.
"My husband and I watched 4 orange lights fly slowly and quietly towards us 
over a fairly busy intersection.As they ascended the lights"
Two Large Oval Lights Above the Clouds Two Nights in One Week
Cluster of 13 Lights over Estrella, AZ, seen for 5 minutes by two witnesses.
"15-20 lights in the horizon, bright very close together, all disappeared 
within 5 seconds of each other. Video from Avondale."
At first sight, we thought...the Phoenix Lights are back!!!
Strange cluster of bright white lights over the southwest sky
"My boyfriend and I have been seen an Object North of us.

There is Fields and cattle that direction.

We see this object off and o"
"Was on Tchefuncte River and three orange lights with one red blinking in 
formation but got over town you can see the silhouette of one"
Multi light formation high in the sky
"My husband and I finally had a night to ourselves while the kids were at 
their grandparent's house."
Erratic lights seen, which exchanged position and flashed out and on again.
ZIG ZAGGING SATELLITE EVENTUALLY MAKING A TURN OVER CLOUD COVER
"Orange circular craft hovering over House in Anchorage, AK. ((NUFORC Note: 
Video on NUFORC homepage. PD))"
Large boomerang shaped object in the night sky.
"Obj. was flashing different color lights, blue red and chrome like. Was 
hovering above the mountain top. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
Two clusters of orange flashing/flickering objects over Chandler
Bright ball of light over Salem, NH; 2 witnesses.
"Object moving in one direction, and then switched directions, heading the 
opposite way. Triangular shaped, three white lights at each t"
"4 orange lights seen moving W to E over Philadelphia. Two lights moving 
together at some distance suddenly got close to each othe"
3 red lights, one blinking, moving in formation or possibly on vehicle
"2 slow, silent lights 1 mile away from WARB; followed quickly by 2 black 
military helicopters."
"Was driving N on Hwy. 120, just S of Hwy. 11, when above my car flew a 
triangular plane-like formation of 3 bright green lights."
Florida is a Hot Spot for Black Budget aircraft and Space Capable vehicles
Formation of bright orange lights appearing and disappearing over AZ desert.
Triangle formation, three lights proceeding one red light.
"2 orange glowing balls in the air, not flashing red or white like 
airplanes, traveling very slow then one cut W and slowly disappears."
"Three circular formations of green lights seemed to float in the sky around 
7:00."
White star-like, comet-like object with white trail.
"Strange Lights Date: 2-17-16 Time: 18:05 to 18:45 Location: Downtown Rocky 
Ford, Colo.

Conditions: Night, partly clouded sky (Black"
"It was a black figure almost like a v it had at least 60 lights it came 
down low I got a good look then took off in a blink of an eye."
"Random pulses of bright white light some brighter than others randomly 
appeared in the sky with no associated sound or heading ."
"It was a light going in half a circle every 6 seconds; it made a whistling 
sound, then it stopped and a car alarm went off."
Bright pair of white lights south of Phoenix area.
"I was in my room ready for bed. I told my 18 year old to take our dog out 
to go to the bathroom before bed. He took her outside. Immed"
6 RED/ORANGE ORBS, PLUS 1--SPEED/SPACING/R SAME.
"Looked like a ball of fire going fast across sky and disappear into the 
west sky."
Bright fast moving glowing green object low in horizon at early evening
Green flame with tail in Hertford, NC-was it a meteor?
"Object was moving rapidly left to right, approximately 300-500' AGL, orange 
yellow fiery tail front end looked white/bluish in color"
A large white fireball with a smoke or vapor trail flew Northwest.
Unidentified brilliant green/blue light appeared at children's bus stop.
Blue flash, no streaks, no flashing lights, instant direction changes.
"((HOAX??)) As we were inside, the town goes completely black as we walk 
outside multiple green flashes were seen in the E sky."
Bright flash with no sound lighted up backyard.
Addendum to original report.
"Today at 12:30am on 2/16/16 while heading southbound on Highway 167 I 
witnessed a blue flash in the sky while passing by the city of Au"
Sounds in the middle of the night.
"On a ride home after work we were driving home on the highway when we both 
noticed said flying object about 200-300ft directly above ou"
Triangular object with dim orange lights.
"((HOAX??)) I spotted a crimson light heading W for maybe 5 sec. It stopped, 
changed color to a emerald green and shot off to the W."
"Sitting on Balboa Island looking in the direction of the pavilion which is 
NW two objects."
Red ball-like aircraft spotted from private aircraft.
"Strangest thing... On our way to the lake, it caught the corner of my eye. 
The only way I can describe it is... Looked like a flying du"
"((HOAX??)) One or two bright green circles flashing darted through the sky, 
it scared the hell out of me. I live in the NW Phila.."
"I was traveling south bound on the 400. I noticed in the distance above 
trees what looked like a Chinese lantern but very bright as if"
"On 71 southbound near the Budweiser plant. A green flash lit the entire sky 
behind the clouds sort of like heat lightning except it's"
"Strange moving light, making quick movements of great distance and s-shaped 
turns."
"Strange moving light making quick movements of great distance and s shaped 
turns"
Saw lighted object fly across sky in about 5 seconds, flying west to east.
"Orange orbs or spheres, flying in formation some materializing from 
nowhere, no sound whatsoever, then some ascended."
"Saw 9 reddish/orange lights flying in very slow formation for approximately 
2 before disappearing behind clouds."
Semi-transparent triangle shaped low and slow object
"((HOAX??)) Orange light in sky, moving fast until a parachute opened and 
object descended into Eugene area."
"Orange circular object that traveled at a high rate of speed, slowed to a 
stop, and then faded away."
"Bright-orange, glowing object moving at a fast pace across the sky and 
suddenly vanishing."
Two lights similar to planes move erratically & rendezvous.
"One of many this day. Orb flyby captured with a telescope. Almost missed 
this one by mistake.

https://youtu.be/pDaMu_Qf8Ls"
"I looked at a picture on ufo sighting 2015 and was suprised to see a 
picture of what I had seen"
"I was driving my car and caught site of what i thought was a craft or 
meteorite falling to earth i was awaiting the explosion but never"
"Was outside smoking and a bright blue light lit up the back of my house. 
Thought it was a car, but happened to look up and saw the brig"
"LAYING IN BED LOOKING OUT WINDOW AND SAW A BRIGHT FLASH TRAILING FROM 
NORTHWEST TO SOUTHEAST . IT APPEARED GREENISH IN COLOR TO ME , I"
"I was getting something from the car. The sky suddenly lit up blue. Then in 
the sky a streak of fire and it made a sparkling noice."
My back yard light up like lightening. 3 bright flashes blue/white color.
Bright orange light shines down into my bathroom window then disappears.
Bright flash, followed by fireball.
"Black trianular object with six very large faint light blue lights along 
the leading edges of each side"
5-6 objects flying in v formation
((HOAX??)) 5 "sequinized" fireballs in the sky.
Bright red light hovered a minute, then zoomed off fast.
"Black trangular object, silent, slow, and a set of very faint lights around 
it's perimeter."
"10 red lighted craft moving at low altitude across the sky above Thibodaux, 
LA"
"Red lights coming from the N to S, then disappearing as they came over the 
foothills. 5 separate lights. Would normally be airc"
"Bright orange light, long and skinny, hovering over tree line at dusk that 
flew in a straight line and very fast."
Unexplained very bright light in the night sky.
Red Lights triangle shape flying over Morrisville, PA
High altitude white disc observed.
Viewed a white orb moving north to south over Spring Creek, NV.
"I went out to take garbage out and I was looking at stars. Then I saw again 
This trianglar thing moving slowly towards me. It hovers re"
"The continuation of the UFO activity in Palmer on the tenth at 23:00 night 
time. One UFO still in the general UFO hotspot with activity"
Seen 2 white orbs appeared to be bouncing off each other.
One light became four
"Noticed a blue oval like orb streak past the highway as I was going up on 
75 northbound, road was empty. Made me do a double take and t"
"((HOAX??)) I witnessed a triangle with 3 lights on each side I've seen a 
bright ball with dark inside the ball I heard sirens noises."
"I was driving home from work. I look up and see 2 bright white circles 
flying in what appears to be a side by side formation, keeping"
Light beings bring ships onto sand @ Ft. Lauderdale Beach
"Girlfriend walked out the house looked up and saw rapidly blinking light 
various colors.I retrieved binoculars and was able to see diff"
"((HOAX??)) The light was so bright I thought the neighbors' house was on 
fire. Bright red lights there was no sound."
"Large "T" shaped craft hovered just above tree line over parking lot of 
McKenzie Willamette Hospital."
1 or 2 lights that were maybe UFO's.
Blue lights over Angle Lake in Seatac, WA.
"2 amber orbs seen hovering stationary, 2 more amber orbs appeared shortly 
after. First set disapeared followed shortly by the second se"
"Large bright white/blue orb or saucer hovering in the sky. ((NUFORC Note: 
Sighting of Sirius?? PD))"
A bunch of lights with the silhouette of a saucer.
"My husband son and myself and a friend was walking in dark home from 
parents house up road from us and in the southern sky heading no"
Silver orb hovering at 5 km, just east of the Salt Lake Valley.
"Two orange-ish blinking lights, 30 degrees from horizon, faded then 
disappeared."
"I was looking toward the ocean when I saw a greenish blue ball sailing 
across the sky. It looked almost like a flare."
Bright fireball that vanished immediately.
Moving object with green tail/stream.
"Lime green streak of light going from east to west at 6:45 a.m. on Wed 
2/11/2016."
"Bright green fireball traveling (generally) west to east and about 1,000 
feet above ground it extinguished and was no longer visible."
Pink and green flash and disappeared.
"Bright glowing blueish green ball (shaped like a fireball) spotted speeding 
downward from the sky."
"Green/blue fireball travels across morning sky. ((NUFORC Note: We believe 
object was a meteor. See video. PD))"
Blue light streaks across San Diego sky.
Bright bluish greenish light shooting across sky.
"Sun glinted off a triangular shaped object going the speed of a shooting 
star then disappeared making no sound and leaving no trail."
"Like a greenish/blue meteor. A tail on one end, and a ball at the other 
(like a flash). Appeared only seconds, and then disappeared."
"I SEEN A GREEN FAST MOVING MACHINE WITH A BRIGHT YELLOW LINE FOLLOWING IT. 
BEFORE I COULD REACH FOR MY CELL PHONE IT DISAPPEARD BEHIND"
"Driving towards work, I was driving in Tice Avenue towards point mugu and a 
green light moved from sky to ground, there was not an expl"
"At approx. 0620 hrs., I was traveling southbound on the 605 freeway passing 
the city of Whittier. Traffic was heavy so I was travel"
"Two parallel bright white lights in sky over Odenton, MD. As I came out to 
go to work I notice the one light. However, as I looked to m"
"While walking in Burbank on Hollywood Way, looking towards Toluca Lake, I 
saw a very bright green fireball streak."
Moving red glowing orb of light.
Flying object shoot out in the sky.
Bright orange/red light; made no sound.
Red, orange, blue multi-colored ufo.
"Upside down pyramid with four rows of lights with glowing green humanoid 
(also orb)."
"Large flashing rainbow colored lights seen @630-7pm over I-405 N/S in 
Bothell/Woodinville/Juanita. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
Bright green light spotted, not an airplane.
"Black triangle, small (maybe 4-6 feet to a side,possibly smaller), lights 
on the corner, flying NE along I-81.Seen from the south bound"
"2 star like lights flashing red green and blue moving in every direction, 
also their were shooting star like lights that shot upward"
"Second night of two amber lights returning, flickering from exact fixed 
position. This time I brought a second witness."
White to yellow disc object in NE sky that split into two pieces.
"Bright light moves across the sky- then stops for a minute or two- then 
falls out of the sky and out of sight"
"This morning at approximately 6:15 I was standing on my front porch facing 
due south. It was still dark when I looked up at 90 degrees"
"Twinkled like a star while it was still dark. Only it didn't stop when the 
sun came up."
"Saw strange red grey orb that looked like wizard of Oz white whitch then it 
grew to the size of baseball."
"Point of light with faint, wispy weather-balloon-shaped feature protruding 
from its side. ((NUFORC Note: Rocket. PD))"
Large round shape moving from the west to the east across the sky
White cone shaped object in the early morning sky over Reno, NV.
"Downward directed cone of light emanating from small object travelling NE 
to SW at 5:20 AM."
Moving satellite looking light with a visible toroidal energy ring.
Round, glowing on opposite sides, light in the middle. West to east, 5 min.
"Two strange illuminated semi circle of Vapor expand and the bright 
star-like light appears and one half semi circle disappear and the o"
Chevron-shaped craft flying low and slow over Watchung, NJ.
Large circular craft flew silently over man walking his dog.
"Observed a triangular shaped filmy patch of light moving from east to west 
at 5:15 am north of Ione."
"T-shaped craft traveling offshore that was absolutely not a helicopter or 
airplane of any sort"
"Appeared to be a large star with a sort of spot light shining from the side 
outward. At first i thought maybe it was the space station"
"Bright point of light resembling satellite but followed by triangular 
illuminated shape."
"Large object moves slowly across early morning sky with shooting stars and 
comet tails."
Awe inspiring and a bit scary when it was right above me.
Bright red light southwest sky remained still then suddenly vanished.
Burning ball of fire.
"3 lights, non-blinking, emminating same location following same pattern 
followed one another."
"Amber light flickered into bright position over Paradise Valley, joined by 
second amber light, faded and returned many times"
"Last night, I was at my back yard and while in a phone call, I saw coming a 
bright orange sphere flying towards North. As its very com"
"Black reflective triangle seen over head gliding through the sky slowly. 
Had a circular light at each triangle point."
"I was walking my dog in a SE neighborhood. We walk this trail often so the 
dog can run freely. I got to the far end of the trail and no"
"At 3:30 on in February 9th 2016, I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette and 
my 2yr old said she saw a "plane," note that she"
"While F-16s took off from TUL, a white disc/cloud object accelerated and 
disappeared on horizon."
A white or silver eye shaped craft.
"Bright golden square object has a bright golden light move away from the 
"parent" object."
Elongated, fiery objects flying vertically in a decending motion.
"7 aircraft single file due west over Lancaster, SC. Second from last had 
headlights, the rest did not. All had blinking red lights."
"Blue-green sphere appears over the ocean, hovers for a few seconds, before 
shooting off, and vanished."
"Sitting on my deck between 11:55 pm and until 12:00am approximately. First 
saw 4 orange lights low moving together at plane speed or fa"
"My husband and I were driving home from Phoenix arizona to Prescott arizona 
and on the way back home we saw this red light floating acr"
CANDY CANE BRITE LIGHT MOVE AND A CURCLE AREA IN THE SKY.
"2 twin spheres of orange light encircle airport, state trooper helicopter 
take off and chase"
White light taveling in a circular motion.
"Star-like appearance with amber light to top right. Movements forward and 
back for half an hour. ((NUFORC Note: Star?? PD))"
"I was driving when I saw a strange plane-like object with a flashing light 
floating, then flying extremely slow and close to ground."
"Low, slow-flying unit, triangle shape with round orange lights on each tip. 
soundless."
Black Triangular object with red pulsating lights seen in Mill Creek, WA.
"Hovering airplane-like craft over I-295, between Washington, D.C., and 
Baltimore."
Strange Light Over Palos Verdes, CA, from Hermosa Beach Pier 6pm [Sunset]
"Was approximately 13:00 give or take a few min. I was standing outside.The 
sky was very clear except for some downward looking wisps ab"
Orange light.
"I observed a light over a local cell phone tower early this morning. This 
light was yellow and red in nature. I assumed it was a norm"
Orange orbs fly over neighborhood.
"Orange light going south, circling to west and disappearing up to west. 
About 2 minutes. Quite bright to dissappering up."
"Lights suspended in arid in triangle pattern with additional single light 
at short distance"
"White/transparent disc like shaped object flying at low altitude over 
Tamiami Trail West. Duration: 3-4 secs"
"Three sphere-shaped UFO's were seen high up in the sky, in broad daylight. 
One of them was ahead of the other two, which were doing cro"
Bright yellow light moved side to side then disappeared.
Green fireball with a tail that looked like sparks falling towards earth 6AM
Two spheres move in unusual ways in early morning.
Green blue light illuminating sky.
"((ADVERTISING LIGHTS??)) Circle with four lights, zig zag pattern military 
type helocopter right behind it."
20-30 multicolored fast moving orbs seen over Akron, Ohio.
"Very high, south sound east direction. No noise, transparent, three lights 
one on each end. Disappeared when overhead, couldn't see it"
"Four silent, orange lights moving from SW to NE from horizon to horizon in 
about a minute."
"Circular craft over flying downtown Anchorage at 5th Ave East bound. Red 
solid light with white light oscillating."
A diamond on fire came straight up and moved sideways very quickly
Bright light shoots eastward over Fenton at 1000mph and disappears.
"Two satellite-looking objects stopping, reversing, rotating and changing 
direction before disappearing in the distance."
"Brilliant bright light in a perfect round shape, close to the ground 
without any sound. it was traveling very fast"
"Dull orange orb over Petaluma, CA, for over five minutes 2/6/2016, a 
portion of which was a very bright, fiery orange."
Green ball floating in the air.
"My grandma and I were going down 52b and at 1st we saw a super bright light 
and were first though that it was a plan but as we got clos"
Single orange, elliptical object, hovering.
Circling white lights.
"2 flying objects flying quickly and erratically near the foothills south 
west of Denver. First object was pink and blue but would turn"
"My family went out for dinner on our way back home we traveled the nys 
thurway we past a trooper who had someone pulled over and shortl"
"Football-shaped saucer, red and gold over Colo Springs Feb 5 2016 8:35 pm 
mst."
5 unidentified craft flew over our house heading toward High Rock Lake.
"Me and my two friends were driving and we saw a giant saucer going vertical 
slowly and low over us. We followed it for 15 min."
"I witnessed a formation of 7-9 white lights fly silently from East to West 
at moderate speed and disappear after 3-5 seconds."
"2-3 lights following eachother in the sky for 20 minutes where they moved 
from east to west."
20 amber lights- erratic movement.
"Large retangular craft with five circular lights on the bottom.

Craft made no sound and seemed to be floating through the air rather"
5 circular UFO's were seen flying over The Glen of South Barrington.
"7 dark masses slowly fly past low above the trees, moving N to S following 
the South Yadkin River."
They looked like stars that were moving in a straight trajectory.
Orange light ascending above south Austin - rocket or missile?
Looked like flares.
Fire in the sky.
"Two bright lights over Philadelphia that faded from view after several 
seconds."
"Spotted a formation of slow moving objects flying North in column with red 
flashing lights with one white light per craft. This occured"
"We witnessed a line of lights, 7 in number, alternating white, red. First 
thought it was a string or airplanes, but they were perfectly"
"Three triangular objects with very, very bright lights moving in unison 
across the sky."
Very Very Bright... To fast to be a airplane...Unbelievable,
"Red fog in room, blueish chrome disk outside of front door, buzzing and pop 
noise, weird behavior from wife and dog."
Bright light with attached string of lights in Eastern sky of Estes Park
Bright light behind the trees reflecting white light to sky. No object.
"Lightning style beam from ground to mid sky, then an oval shape appeared 
with glowing pulsating white lights."
"Very different colored orb the color was yellowish orange maybe a small 
amount of red it stayed in place about 3 mins then went west."
"Eight large, slow moving, noiseless orange-red spheres traveling over 
Tucson evening sky."
Very large, bright white light seen over hill.
Orb moving across Mt. Lemmon, AZ.
"I cannot believe I'm doing this but- what I saw I can certainly not say it 
was an airplane or anything reasonable. Yesterday was really"
Two lights over Hidden Hills, hovering.
"Yesterday at sunset a completely identified object, 1 of the Predator Iraq 
war drones flying silently east to west opposite the LAX."
Bright round object swooped insight.
Cigar-shaped craft, or something, in the sky to the West.
"02/04/2016, Fresno, CA, Doughnut, 4-5 min, hovered, then landed super quick 
in front of vehicle, huge round craft, brown/gold, vanished"
Oval thing flying ahead with bright lights.
Brilliant Illumination, hovering in night sky. 2 other discs flying around.
Green/Teal flashing lights seen from Interstate 5.
"Slow-moving craft with rectangular light that changed colors as it swept 
through an arc"
"As I was driving south on street, I saw extremely bright light very high in 
the sky off south a bit."
"Object was small, spherical-shape with lighted tip craft that rocketed 
straight up in the sky, going super fast up and then turn right."
Black hovering shaped craft darting through behind the clouds.
Large green fireball sighted falling south of Kingston, MA.
Orange lights west of Roseburg.
"Solitary Red Light in Southern Sky, hovering, moving strangely and suddenly 
about, then disappearing."
"Approximately 50 red circles of lights, travelling in a northerly 
direction. Some clusters; variations in speed and position."
"Craft speeding in diving position, with an orange/yellow glow. Then it came 
to a hault and hovered for a brief time then was gone"
White light moving steady at a low altitude with no noise.
"I saw what looked like a shooting star. However, since it just turned 
evening, I felt that was unlikely. It was moving very fast."
Backwards flying, triangle, no sound ship 3 lights
Very shiny sphere-like object in the sky dropping/hovering slowly then GONE!
White glowing light that drifted and eventually stay suspended.
"2 dull red circles went straight across my full ocean view from N towards 
SE, just after 5:00 am. (Sunrise wasn't until 7:01.)"
Dancing disc zig-zags through the sky.
Lights over Pacific Ocean
"Cluster of color changing lights in sky, stationary, then moving slowly, 
then vanishing."
Bright red light sphere moving silently and very low in the sky
Yellow/orange bright light over Rochester, NY.
5 orange lights over Daytona, FL.
"Low streaking light moving extremely quickly, on a downward trajectory. 
Flared green, and then disappeared."
Fireball, Lake Michigan, Milwaukee.
Sighting in Lombard, IL.
happened to catch a flickering object to the west of me.
"11:58 go our for a smoke and spot a object in the west sky pull out my 
phone start recording and it's moving really fast I compare a pl"
"Very large craft hovering above me, complete silence, apprx 150 ft wide, 
one beam underneath and one round light on each side."
Strange looking object, not a bug.
"Captured a UFO on my phone after taking pictures of cloud formations at the 
river"
"Blimp sized and shaped craft pulsating light spotted low in the clouds of 
Paradise Valley, AZ, that hit incredible speed."
Flying Triangle object Martin County, TX.
"Seen a object with a solid orange bar that lit up bright on the base and 
the top, it moved slow like a helicopter and was 40 feet off t"
Yellow beam of light falling from the sky, with a burning fireball tip.
"Object came in from west to east below approx 500' elevation cloud cover , 
I thought it was a meteorite."
I saw 3 orange lights in a formation coming to a stop moving west to east.
"When letting my dog out approx 8:45pm I was checking out the stars when I 
turned around and saw 5 large bright orange lights flying in"
Orange circle with a rotating sphere on the top making no sound very fast
"I look at the sky every night and again a light moving close to Orion's 
belt and it disappeared."
"Gazing at stars. This one was red and left a tail behind it. No noise 
again. ((NUFORC Note: Possible meteor?? PD))"
"Eight fire ball shapes flying west , north, and straight up, but calm 
manner. They were focused."
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gq-yIuNsRtk ((NUFORC Note: Good video of a 
large cluster of orange lights. PD))"
"It appears the he caught a UFO shooting out of the water possible doing a 
barrel roll. ((NUFORC Note: Bird in flight. PD))"
Craft with lights in triangular form hovers, shines beam, then descends.
"Sitting on porch and saw bright flash across sky through trees. No direct 
visual of an object. Thought it may have been lightning."
"6 objects flying from WV across the Ohio river moving into different 
formations with no noise and fast."
Orange ball of light hovering over Greenville, SC.
"Mulitple points of orange-colored lights moving in formation over the 
ground and then accelerating into space."
Seven orange lights fly over SW Jacksonville
"V-shaped then spreading out into a long line with red lights in what looked 
like along the edges."
"It looked like a shooting star but was larger and came straight down from 
the sky onto i assume the land. I was on my back porch and co"
Bright green streak of light moving from east to west in La Plata, Maryland.
Very bright colors.
"Light moving downward in western sky. Looked like meteorite that broke in 
two before disappearing."
"Object falling in the sky disintegrated in bright white and light green 
flames."
Bright white fireball, turned green as it fell and finally "burned out."
Fireball Falls From Sky Bucks County, PA.
"Two small white/metallic objects about 30 to 40 degrees below and 
equidistant to the sun"
"Orange/Bright White Seeming Metallic Ball(40 ft diameter) Seen Descending 
Near South Point, Hawaii"
"Saw a blinking light in the sky, at first I thought it was a plane but then 
I noticed how it was moving. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
"Object was triangular in shape, it had 9 lights on it made no noise, was 
flying above tree tops, at a low rate of speed."
"Odd Red- Orange orb - then becomes a fireball seen on 405 freeway in Orange 
county 1/29/2016."
"Large grey, chevron-like, rows of lights underneath. Jan. 29, 2016, 
Lafayette, LA"
"In West Hampden. Swirling pulsing noise prompted me to look outside where I 
saw a large floating illuminated object by the tower/antenn"
Red orbs crossing horizon.
"18-20 orange light spheres moving SW to NE. Silent. About the size of a 
nickel held at arms length."
"The three bright solid red lights changed to one solid purple light moving 
in several directions."
"Formation of lights slowly moving over head, all pretty close to each 
other, never seen anything like this. Thought maybe drones? Whate"
"19:05 Fairbanks, Ak. Seen at least 10 bright objects that appeared at first 
to be falling until I realized they we're coming from the N"
"4 silent fiery lights heading towards Ocala National Forest NNW from 
Umatilla Jan 29th 2016 at 1845"
"Saw a round light hovering in sky like maybe a satellite but it was way to 
low. Then a larger light switched on like a spotlight,like i"
Object in the clear blue sky
"Clear sky. 2 section, rectangular, 3 dimensional, silver, low-flying 
object, approx. semi trailer size."
"Saw a stationary object in the sky giving off a light, the light grew and 
the craft vanished."
Unknown black, diamond-shaped craft, slightly smaller than an F-16.
"Saucer like ship in the sky that was hovering unnaturally and made a 
immediate vertical ascent."
"Light source changed colors, no movement, then gone. ((NUFORC Note: 
Possible sighting of a star, perhaps Sirius?? PD))"
2 large bright red lights flying as one object.
To fast and irregular to be man made.
"My mother saw a weird craft flying in an abnormal pattern. She said it had 
suddenly stopped behind the tree."
Yellowish/orange sphere seen by 3 witness in Alamogordo, New Mexico.
4 bright circular lights in sky over South Phoenix.
I'm constantly seeing orange lights hovering over the bosque in los lunas.
Large orange fireball moved across the sky from north to south.
3 reddish/orange orbs over rte 2 in Ayer, MA.
Green object with light shot from tree top level into the sky.
Multiple lights hovering in a row North of Phoenix!
"Saw three orange circles near each other and then they spread apart but 
weren't definitely airplanes or stars. They were slowly moving."
"I saw what looked like an airplane with a large orange flame behind it and 
the engine roar was quite loud."
Large triangular metal object hurling through the sky.
"I live on water in South Jersey. On Jan 28, 2016. At approximately 13:30 I 
was in my home with my two adult children and 2 small grandc"
Analysis of "sonic booms" and shaking reported along New Jersey coast.
Four large white lights on bottom flew directly overhead
"3 or more objects over Uniontown Ohio. ((NUFORC Note: Possible sighting of 
a twinkling star, perhaps Sirius?? PD))"
"Distant stationary object in SE sky, with flashing red and green lights. 
((NUFORC Note: Probably Sirius, we suspect. PD))"
"I witnessed one loud triangle shaped aircraft flying very low over my home. 
Less than 5 minutes later another one came through. I did"
6 bright red lights ascending form horizon in the western sky.
Horizontal flying bright white lite that turns bright red and disappears.
"Brightly lit cone shaped object remained hours in same location making no 
sound. ((NUFORC Note: Sighting of Sirius?? PD))"
"Bright ball coming from large star. ((NUFORC Note: We suspect the object 
may have been a "twinkling" star. PD))"
Yellow/orange sphere hovering 20' off the ground above a neighbors yard.
"We heard and felt what was like an earthquake throughout Southern New 
Jersey. ((NUFORC Note: Possible sonic booms from a/c? PD))"
"Branch type stick hovered erratically, moved sideways in lateral position 
then disappeared into clouds."
"At 3am, noticed this strange light, which looks like a bright star. My BR 
window looks due E. ((NUFORC Note: Planet? Planet? PD))"
Cigar-shaped UFO seen flying low to ground, and flashing, in Rohnert Park.
"Two large bright flickering amber lights seen in the southwest sky of 
Buckeye, AZ."
"It was super fast. Idk what it was to be honest but It really freaked me 
out. I know it wasn't a shooting star cause it was a lot bigge"
"We, my husband & myself, heard a very loud, hard, noise and it seemed to 
impact the front of the roof over the kitchen and the porch."
"3 of us were looking at Venus and Jupiter in the early a.m. sky, when we 
noticed a large ball of light about the brightness of Venus."
"Is anyone else seeing this now?? I'm downtown Denver and I'm looking W 
above the mountains. Really high up there are lights pulsating."
"Star in the sky that moved. An airplane would move in a straight line. 
((NUFORC Note: Sighting of star, we believe. PD))"
"On my porch facing southwest I saw an orange light in the sky about 7 to 10 
miles out over the horizon headed east. I thought it was a"
"I looked up and seen what I thought at first was a plane but when I 
realized that it was not."
"Flashing lights of mulitiple colors in sky. Not moving and flashes not 
consistant. ((NUFORC Note: Twinkling star? PD))"
"We were (my husband was driving and I was the passenger) traveling north on 
Congress Ave., Boynton Beach"
BRIGHT light, east-facing, above I-20W
Massive square shaped lights forming 2 lines in the sky over Hatch, NM.
White oval object, hovering very smooth.
"Steady light traveling at a high velocity across the southern dark morning 
sky."
"Lights in Knox no noise. ten mile, triangler shape, it was black, red spot 
underneath it, three stories high off ground off 305. again"
Bright light.
"Green bright light. Fast and slow. Circular patterns. Part force field 
around it. ((NUFORC Note: Laser advertising light?? PD))"
"Craft about the size of a 747, flying less than 1000 feet off the ground, 
hovering over a small hill near the 15 freeway."
Strange yellow lights near Garner, NC.
"Two orange glows in the sky going fast an low with absolutly no sound of 
jet engines or rotor blades."
Two orangish glowing orbs silent, extreme acceleration and speed.
"There were three reddish orange lights, then a fourth light came up and 
joined the first three then all four disappeared."
"We were heading towards W, when I look into the sky and saw at first one 
light that seemed between yellow & orange."
"Walked outside & the object caught my attention. I live behind Oceana Air 
Base (US Government owned). ((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
"I work for circus pages and after our last show I was loading the animals 
and I looked up for some reason and thought I saw a helicopte"
"My husband called me and told me that there where lights over the mountains 
towards the west and I looked and saw quite a few like 5 bu"
20 pulsing orange orbs fly a few miles before disappearing.
Object over Lake George, NY observed by commercial aircraft
"4-5 UFO's (orange lights) circled around a bobbling circular UFO mothership 
(white light with a red light on the top or rear)"
Orange Orb With Odd Flight-path In Sky.
"When getting ready for bed, I noticed an object moving across the sky. It 
was emitting a red and blue-green light."
"8 bright yellow red and orange triangular objects. One was blinking, then 
they disappeared."
Red orange light hovered in the sky in front of my car, then disappeared.
"Large bright orange circle, rapidly ascending from sea level straight up in 
to the stars."
"UFO changes from red to green to white then projects a beam to the ground 
that also changes color."
Seven orange lights moving slowly at low altitude beside highway.
Green-blue, thick, falling star-like flash.
"Ball shaped object with green glow in sky near full moon. ((NUFORC Note: 
Lens flares, caused by photographing the Moon. PD))"
Orange lights from Northeast to Southwest.
"2 orange balls of light approaching from the W and moving ESE slowly and 
silently, disappeared one by one as get closer."
"I saw a black line crossing the face of the moon. The line covered approx 
5% of the visable moon."
"I saw 3 triangluar crafts sit there outside they where then gone when i got 
to get my phone."
Videoed 2 egg shaped, multi-color pulsing craft near full moon above Yuma.
The second sighting in my life in the same spot.
Green-blue streak over nightime ocean.
"Series of 4 white lights appeared to be part of a single craft hovered 
almost 1 minute over eastern Pasadena at about 2000 ft."
Flaming silent object near joint military base JBLM in south Tacoma.
"Four fast moving lights moving east to west across the sky for 10 minutes 
before fading away."
Ball of light in the sky was falling to the ground.
7 fireball UFO crafts pass over Hoquiam.
Object discovered in picture.
Bright object arched path across dark sky.
"My daughter and I looked out the window and saw a mysterious flying object. 
It is grayish in color."
Large bright orange sphere, rapidly descending from NE to W.
Flying object moving towards planet.
HUGE BLUISH AND PURPLE DISK-LIKE SAUCER HOOVERING ABOVE THE CANYON SKYLINE
"Two bright red circular objects. Hovered brightly in one spot and then 
vanished."
"I notice everyone stopping their car to take pictures of this reddish 
orange sphere."
Several large orange lights hovering over South Jordan, Utah
GLOWING GREEN PULSATING ROUND OBJECT IN SKY TONIGHT.
Triangle craft.
"At 11:30 am I witnessed a seemingly round craft flying west to east in the 
sky directly above me."
UFO followed by JETS
"((HOAX??)) Sound very loud like an engine, shook windows of home. Fireball 
could be seen in the W sky for @5 min.."
"Saucer move close slowly. Came to rest above neighbors house. Size of city 
bus. Windows and flashing lights."
"3 bright-warm yellow colored solid circles-tear shape (?), dancing in-out 
of clouds in circular pattern. Lasted 5-10 sec; 2 times over"
Trio of very bright lights appear then fade
Red, twinkling, disappearing and reappearing lights in the sky.
"Large, low-flying boomerang-shaped object moving very slowly over 
Levittown, PA, 1/20/16."
"Blinking red, green and blue lights. ((NUFORC Note: Possibly a "twinkling" 
star?? PD))"
"Lights just appeared and no movement the disappeared. ((NUFORC Note: 
Planets in the eastern morning sky? PD))"
"Strange green fireball shooting toward the ground, seen driving on Route 55 
south"
"Was driving down I-75 south, saw extremely right lights to the right of the 
freeway and it did not move for at least 10 mins."
A bright light changed intensity over 30 seconds.
"Distinct orange oval globes seen twice south of Little Chute, WI on 2 
different dates and times in Jan 2016."
6 vertical beams of light in the morning sky.
"UFO hovering over Sherburne- more than 3 hours. ((NUFORC Note: Possible 
sighting of 5 planets in eastern a.m. sky? PD))"
Stargazing at 3am... We were not supposed to see this...
Bright White Light Moving Slowly Above Buildings Then Arked Sharply Downward
"A ball engulfed in flames tumbled through the sky towards the south as I 
was taking out the trash. I ran inside and got my brother and"
Bright white lights and lots of helicopters.
Two separate bright lights within a few seconds of each other.
"Three in triangle form followed by approximately 12 others, tight 
formation, quickly disappeared"
Five oranges lights in a formation slowly moving east and fading away.
"Was walking home from work seen four red circles moving in the sky as if 
they were weightless me and several people in the community se"
2 blue/red/white lights saucers hovering near my house.
"7 or 8 bright round, or cylinder shaped, orange balls,moving high across 
the sky in staggered, but straight line formation. Enter"
"Bright light with trail heading straight towards ground off in the 
distance. ((NUFORC Note: Possible meteor?? PD))"
Bright white circular cloud with rotating orbs and metallic light
"Me and my wife we're driving from lake Jackson to Angleton on 288 look up 
and saw a bright lite thought it was a star."
10 oblong metallic objects creating formations high in air
"Extreme altitude object moving at high speed North. Possible near Earth 
pass by a large asteroid."
ISS live feed images.
"A photo showing what appears to be a flying object above a ship in San 
Francisco."
"Three gold/white lights - either an individual craft of three separate in 
tight formation - silentlymoving at slow speed - traveling S-"
"Saw big white lights, scattered 100 miles appart, sparks off of the light, 
looked like it bouned on the atmosphere but under clouds."
"The misty, illuminated oval traveled from the East losing altitude until it 
disappeared into the ocean."
"We were driving East on Cooley Road and saw an extremely bright white light 
in the distance. This light flew parallel of us until we tu"
"We saw a large, oval bright blue light in the sky that stayed for about 10 
minutes. ((NUFORC Note: Advertising lights. PD))"
"An enormous purple/indigo oval shaped light seen peering through the 
clouds. ((NUFORC Note: Advertising lights. PD))"
"Slim object with band of flickering lights seen hovering above nearby 
mountain peak - making unbelievable erratic maneuvers."
Flying object with red flames shooting from top
Lantern-shaped lights in the sky.
"Driving along route 10 near tabor road in morrisplains and saw two white 
lights with a red light at the center"
"2 dark circles moving parallel in the sky and disappearing abruptly after 
few minutes"
Objects appeared in photo taken at sunset.
Extremely fast bullet shaped craft moving E-W no sound. Veteran observer.
Bright Light followed by pulsating red glow
"I was standing on my front deck which faces to the west ,looking south 
talking to a friend on the phone when 3 orange looking orbs,or s"
"At times resembles a star. At times resembles cigar shape standing on end, 
or disk with lights circling the disk. Two of them over Quan"
((HOAX??)) UFO over Scranton, PA.
"Bright star. but with binoculars I saw green lights with < in solid white 
inside right side of circle."
"((HOAX??)) I happened to look up and stare for a moment at the stars and 
noticed one the stood out the most."
2 orange lights and a giant white circle spotted in Austin, TX
Red lights in sky, flying in formation.
Red/orange light moving very slowly above treeline, with no sound.
"I was playing with grand kid and lay on ground and looked up and saw them 
stationary, now one did move quickly but just a short dist.."
"I was training horses (4) when they all stopped to look in to the south 
east sky @about 50 degrees, then a loud blast ( like a air-brak"
Diamond in the sky.
"White plastic, like a wastebasket trash bag, floated up from side of 
freeway 12-15' from the backside of truck. ((anonymous report))"
((HOAX??)) Blue light over Mount Airy, NC.
"I saw a bright green, cigar-shaped object streak across the sky and veer 
off course."
Triangle shaped ufo over I-69 Marion exit
Burning fireball traveling fast over Marion, Iowa, towards the northeast.
"Bright blue green orb went across sky , then arced down. The obj. 
disappeared in the middle of a clear sky with no obstructions."
Neon light 'dripped' from the sky like a huge droplet.
Triangle UFO over Maryland Highway 495N.
"I saw a rather large fireball in the sky that did not move for around five 
minutes."
"Seen in the E sky heading N at least 50 or more moving not in a flight path 
pattern bright red sphere shapes."
Formation of orange spheres in sky.
"Flashing red/ green light, circling in sky. NE Philly. ((NUFORC Note: We 
suspect the time is wrong, but will check. PD))"
Plane trailing behind gray smoke coming from unseen object.
"4 unknown objects in the daytime sky appear in a photo, though they were 
undetected at the time the photo was taken."
Unexplained Sighting Over BRADENTON, FL *January 14th, 2016 7:20 a.m *
Very large UFO chased away with fighter jets numerous times
"Very bright object in the sky with faint red light at the top, not a star. 
((NUFORC Note: Venus? PD))"
"Facing SE from 2nd floor apt. Facing Studio City/Burbank. Glowing turquoise 
circular light."
"We watch a orange light on the E side of town move from L to R. We then saw 
it drop what looked like a long line."
Red/Orange sphere seen descending over Cedar Falls/North Cedar.
Five yellow lights hovering in formation.
"Cigar shape with wings, the wings were, one on top of the craft the other 
on the bottom. It looked on fire or all lit up."
"I was driving home from work tonight going N and it was very dark and there 
was light fog. On the right side of the freeway."
"2 large lights descended over the hwy., a row of lights appeared before 
breaking away in two pieces and reappearing."
Very bright just appeared then more appeared out of nowhere.
"2 adjacent yellow orange lights with large space between move across sky 
before vanishing CLEARLY VISIBLE!"
"Massive dome shaped bright brilliant blue light, like a huge welding arc 
spanning a massive distance on the hor., of crown land."
"I was walking on Meadowdale St. by St. Ann's church when I saw a bright 
white light move in an arc across the sky w/ a dimmer white."
"Three large red and white lights hovered aand moved slowly until fizzing 
out slowly within about 5 seconds."
Sighting of small white orbs high over Phoenix.
"Bright light with flashing lights hovering over rte 72, lt began following 
me. Scared tried to get away."
Wide object (football field plus) with bright white lights and two flashing
"I turned onto my road from my drive way. As soon as I straightened up, I 
saw it. I thought what in the heck is that!! I drove several m"
"I had gone out for a walk at 3:00am Wednesday 1/13/2016 which is 
approximately a six mile walk I had turned right back off the street a"
L-shaped lights.
Half V-formation lights with plan not far behind.
"I was outside with my boyfriend on our back patio. I live right next to 
airport so I'm used to seeing lots of lights and airplanes and"
"I was driving to work last night when I saw a flash of light streak across 
the sky and then disappear. I was heading southwest."
Bright, moving fast orange sphere over Lake Havasu City.
"Aunt, sister, and I was traveling home when we notice a colorful flying 
object in the sky on the opposite side of the hwy.."
"Two narrow, black cigar shaped objects in the horizon that moved towards 
each other then away very slowly as if they were frozen."
"Grey cigar-shape, w/ short Chem Trail traveling at high rate of speed 
northbound over Carl Junction/Joplin Mo area."
"Dark, elongated horizontal streak, which changed shape, seen by airline 
passengers over southern Colorado on January 12, 2016."
"We all looked and saw an airplane leaving a contrail lit up by the rising 
sun."
"The sky was pitch black but when looking towards the South/West I saw an 
object(s) with numerous lights. One of the lights was pulsing"
"Saw a rectangular object fireball orange/reddish/yellow approximately 300 
feet up moving in a straight path east northeast direction."
"Driving in Gilbert. Looking to the west towards south mountain there was 
three lights equally spaced forming a triangle shape. It was"
"Bright red lights moving slowly, that hovered shortly, no noise, then went 
straight up and disappeared a minute later."
Circular changing lights. ((NUFORC Note: Possibly Sirius. PD))
Craft hovers over neighborhood, then moves sideways and disappears.
""Helicopter" lights are completely silent while moving very slowly through 
night sky."
"An object with red flashing lights flying low in front of my house in open 
blueberry field, and then to the left of my house over small"
"Traveling NW there were 4 dim lights perfectly in order side to side. The 
color was a brownish white light. The craft on the left made"
Unbelievable lights over Georgia.
Bright flashing and kept moving fast and faded.
"Traveling north on interstate 49 in Louisiana between Nacogdoches Louisiana 
and Shreveport I witnessed to bluish green objects lights"
Triangle objects near Kingsburg, CA.
"I believe I was abducted for a short period of time. I have a new scar on 
my armpit."
Two large light in clouds over Atlanta.
"Similr to the black knight satelite but had triangle wings on top and was 
silver and red on the lower left side of the barrell shape"
Strange yellow lights near Garner, NC
"I walk my dogs every night about 10:30 or 11:00. A COUPLE MONTHS AGO i 
spotted two diamond shaped objects in the West,NorthWest sky.Abo"
"This all started on 10 January with 5 strange lights in the sky that 
changed colors. ((NUFORC Note: Stars?? PD))"
Object had a tail and maintained shape and speed.
"Slow moving white rectangle with bright amber lights on bottom. Clear blue 
sky at the time of sighting. Post stormy day."
"Light was always in the same place and always last 2-3 seconds. Scariest 
thing was it went from the ground to the sky and was blue."
"Huge flash to right side of sky, then triangle object appeared after 
"summoning"?? Please help"
2 glowing redish orbs spotted NW of island.
"((HOAX. Contact information is bogus.)) Mysterious bright lights in Pacific 
Ocean."
Two bright red lights that disappeared.
"Read Hutchinson News Kansas today front page on cattle mutilation happening 
in area again."
Rapidly flashing lights.
"January 9, 2016. Last night there was a very bright light in the sky over 
Issaquah. It was a very clear sky."
"5 amber lights floating low in the sky, with 3 in a triangular shape and 
shifting positions. Lights slowly disappeared one by one."
"Bright white large ball did not change size and went out of sight. Flew at 
at a slight arc and disappeared."
More Russian space-junk?
"I saw a white light due south just above the horizon. It looked like a 
bright white star. It was motionless and it sat stationary in th"
What is this type of object without lights?
Green blinking light in the sky.
Helicopter chasing UFO.
Cylinder or Cigar Shaped Object (Vertical) with 3 Orange Lights.
Yellowish/orange sphere seen over town of Mutual, PA, near Kecksburg, PA.
Cluster of black spheres seen over Candler, NC.
"Object 'falling' with trails of steam/ice in the sky and shiny object 
motionless below it."
Object shows up in photo but not to the naked eye.
"((HOAX??)) Objects looked like low descending meteors, until they started 
dramatically changing paths in various zig-zag formations."
"Object appeared to fall straight down through overcast skies, growing 
brighter green before falling out of sight."
Formation Re-Fueling UFO.
High altitude object??????
Giant mother ship sighted in Indian Arm-Mount Seymour side, from Deep Cove.
"We saw a giant silent floating disc hovering above Deep Cove's marina inlet 
in North Vancouver, shining very bright lights around."
"Three bright lights in a triangle formation low on the horizon; 
disappearing and reappearing as well as traveling."
Orange orb seen in South Tx, heading north
"We were walking the dog.. we stood at the powerlines and watched there 
would be a pink flash and then one would appear. they were compl"
Green light quickly shoots across sky and changes direction before fading.
"Last night after dinner me and my girlfriend went outside to smoke a 
cigarette. Me and my girlfriend are constantly witnessing strange"
Silent, hovering craft.
"4 red lights in a line some distance apart flying towards downtown 
Hartford. Theses lights were very high in the sky. No strobes but a"
((HOAX??))3 lights.
"On my deck pre-dawn (dark) 6am 1/6/2016 observed planet-sized bright light 
quickly moving overhead and out of line of sight (house)"
"I was heading to work around 05:50 when I spotted a different looking 
object in the sky. It looked nothing like an aircraft carrier. I"
"As a pilot I recognized these as aircraft landing lights, but they never 
moved."
Triangle bright light, hovering low altitude.
"Very bright light just under the moon. ((NUFORC Note: Possible planet or 
star. PD))"
Reddish-orange lights sighted at Carolina Beach
"There are 2 lights hovering just about the tree line. Upon flashing a spot 
light in the light balls directions, they seemed to approach"
"Very bright light; looked like a plane and then As we watched it seemed to 
turn around. ((NUFORC Note: Sighting of Sirius? PD))"
"Bee-like flying light like the sun "star color brightness" and size of the 
moon from my bed!"
"Red light dropped straight in from sky to near horizon, and rapidly changed 
direction to south east - viewed from central Eliot."
Dark half oval flying over house, then disappearing into the dark sky.
5 lights in chevron pattern, very low in the sky (maybe 250ft from ground).
"Driving on 95S, saw a triangle with an inverted bottom, outlined in chasing 
white lights. ((NUFORC Note: Former law enforcement. PD))"
Line of 10-15 lights west of State College moving south.
"I was sitting on my front porch when I witnessed two objects flying from 
south to north at an apparent high rate of speed at about 50-5"
"Blinking light, white, red, green. Moving up and down. ((NUFORC Note: 
Sighting of Sirius?? PD))"
"Triangular shaped UFO spotted on HW 21 heading into Oxford, Alabama, 
tonight."
"15-20 bright, red-orange lights moving from horizon to horizon over an 8 
minute period."
"My niece and I were on the front balcony she looked up and saw something 
huge in the sky. I turned around and to my amazement there was"
Bright light with blue strobe hovering over Blue Hill Bay.
"Intense ball of white light that changed shape from a ball to a line, to a 
pyramid in three minutes observed."
White light in sky south/southeast of Jackson, NJ.
"Two bright flashes of light in clear night sky. Probably 5 seconds apart of 
one another. The flashes of light strong enough to brighten"
"Travelling W on I-80 near Lordstown, OH, I suddenly saw a very bright light 
just south of the highway.

It appears there is a milit"
"Driving home from class, looked up, and saw the orangish reddish lights 
flyung slow and lower than a plane would. Then the three lights"
Triangle shape moving slowly north to south at night.
"Seen it tonight and 2 nights ago. White, green, orange/red lights. Moving 
up and down, side to side. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
"Pulsing, changing colors, but relatively stationary in the NE sky, at about 
30 degrees from horizon."
Colored lights in the sky over Sacramento
"We seen a very bright round light we thought it was a star till we seen 
blueish flashes. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius?? PD))"
Three large red lights hovered over neighborhood in Sarasota, FL
"Observed three fireballs in triangular formation. Objects were moving 
slowly accross sky. NNW heading. Hovered for 3 to five minutes. B"
Mystery orb which changed direction.
Objects over Suffolk, VA, January 4, 2016.
6 bright orange lights in 2 vertical lines of 3.
"Flash of light a white beem at the end opened a blue starshap opening and 
vanish"
USO pipeline surfcam.
Dimming "star" moving in a circular pattern. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius. PD))
"((HOAX??) This a.m. the sky was normal blue, but the sky over Puget Sound 
to Vashon became dark gray this a.m., then rain mixed snow."
"Triangular aircraft with blue/pink lights arranged into a triangle at the 
base, blinking every second, quiet & hovering low in the sky."
"It looked like a plane flying very low I followed it so it pulled back up 
and the orange lights turned off. I thought my mind was playi"
"The object was turning colors (white, red, green, blue) and It had 
lightning-ish tails coming from it.. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
"One bright light at helicopter height where black triangle showed up last 
month."
20 odd orange lights in Taylors, SC.
Red light over Columbia.
"Group of 7 red orbs, moving independently at different altitudes, were seen 
for 1 minute before they disappeared one-by-one"
Yellow ball of light flies over Chula Vista California.
"Wife and I facing N, fluorescent green streak moving E. Appeared low in 
atmosphere, and larger in diameter than a shooting star."
White light above highway, changed shape, then disappeared.
"At exactly 6:15am, Sunday morning, the third of January,2016, I woke up and 
looked out of my bedroom window which is at the head of my"
"Saw a bright white burning object falling from sky to the ground from my 
car as I was travelling east on 84 it was "crashing.""
"White ball surrounded by a green glow falls from the sky and lasts 2 
seconds. ((NUFORC Note: Possibly a green meteor?? PD))"
Fireball, orange then turns green.
"I came outside to smoke a cigarette around 10pm I was looking at the sky 
because I've been seeing redish orangish spheres in the sky."
Three orange lights fly south above I-17 towards Phoenix, Arizona.
"4 objects with red lights in their centers in a kite-like formation seen in 
Spring Hill TN"
"I saw a bright neon green fireball with a tail like a comet streak N 
through the sky toward the Billings Logan International Airport."
"Approximately 20:00 hrs., SE of my home, was an odd object in the sky. 
((NUFORC Note: Sirius?? PD))"
Orange amber orbs drifting westward.
Orange circular lights in a uniformed parade.
"I saw two triangular shaped objects with a glowing aura or haze surrounding 
them. The corners were rounded."
"At about 19:15 hrs. this evening, walking dog, noticed 2 bright red objects 
in W sky heading W; one was following the other."
"Red lights (non-flashing) in line (no sound) high rate of speed 7-8 PM 
heading North bound Cornelius Oregon."
Quick, bright flash in the sky.
Dark gray triangular object spotted very close, saw it clear as day.
Five yellow flying objects with tails.
Bright objects witnessed in the western sky near Annapolis.
Circular. Not moving. Bright. I have a picture.
"Multiple blue metallic lights heading east in formation witnessed in clear 
weather."
"It was completely stationary and shaped like a ring. We looked at it 
through binoculars. It had four lights side by side."
"Mothership UFO in Tempe probed by airforce helicopters and jets. Very 
strange sighting."
Two fireballs side by side.
Blinking white and red star-like object in sky.
"Saw three white orbs while camping. Moving at high speeds and doing 90 
degree turns."
Huge object with multiple multicolored lights.
"At ~8:30 pm I went out and turned off the yard light. I noticed a light 
that blinked different colors. ((NUFORC Note: Sirius? PD))"
10 glowing orbs in western sky.
"Driving northbound on Highway 1 coming through aptos. Noticed three bright 
orange/yellow lights in the sky. They formed the shape of a"
"Rectangular object rise from the field and followed along with my car for 2 
miles."
Two orange lights moving in a vertical formation.
Fast moving light in later afternoon sky.
"Funny looking plane. ((NUFORC Note: Possibly an a/c reflecting sunlight?? 
PD))"
An Orange Circle Object Flying in the Sky at Amelia Island.
White, round, object in sky, zigzag. Phoenix, AZ.
"Bright orange sphere in sky traveling N to E. Moving slowly, hovering, then 
again moving slowly and disappeared into eastern sky."
Fireball object without sound.
"Two red and white cigar shaped craft seen flying at high rate of speed over 
Bremerton on New Years Day."
"One black triangle shaped ufo hovering with flashing different colored 
lights on all 3 sides of object."
"Kennewick residents witness 3 orange lights in formation, with 4 indivdual 
lights following for several minutes."
"Several large red moving objects appeared in a constellation pattern moving 
throughout the sky over a 10 min. duration."
"I seen along with my fiance an orange fireball covering at about hundred 
feet and proceeded to get home."
"My dad called me into his room to look at what I thought was fire works due 
to it be the new year. But instead I saw, at first, three c"
"4 or 5 red/orange lights moving W. One went down closer to the ground. 
Moved west. No sound."
Missiles or flares seen on New Year.
"Red orbs after the New Year's eve celebration. Flying over the Las Vegas 
Valley."
Lights and flash in the sky
"Eight orange orbs flew over my house minutes apart in the same pattern with 
three witness."
Orange lights.
"1 Jan 2016 12:05AM Observed three red-orange spherical objects traveling in 
a line from SW to TE over the northern end of Brevard Coun"
Pyramid formation lights above Matthews, NC.
"My wife and I witnessed 3 bright red objects that rose one behind the other 
shortly after midnight."
Multiple craft, long duration event.
"Around the midnight, my wife and I went out to our porch watch the 
fireworks. Several single objects with orange haze traveling steady."
"I observed a orange light hovering over near or fireworks were being 
displayed I thought maybe that's a drone."
6 objects low in sky heading north.
"Red Light balls hovering, splitting, hovering and then vanishing with no 
change in elevation for 5 minutes."
"6-7 peach-colored craft moving easterly direction. Sacramento area. 
Midnight 2016 New Years."
New Years yellow objects.
Two balls of orange light seen above the trees; one split into two!
"Triangle obj. moving W to SE from my position. Three red lights one on each 
corner. Half a mile in the sky. Moving steady"
Red sphere in the sky.